Title,Content
US import prices rise more than expected in January,U.S. import prices rose more than expected in January as the cost of imported petroleum and a range of other goods increased.
Housing starts rebound as building permits rise to the highest level since 2007,U.S. homebuilding increased to more than a one-year high in January, boosted by a rebound in the construction of single-family housing units.
Puerto Rico's governor is bullish on blockchain as part of island's comeback,Puerto Rico's governor calls blockchain a "phenomenal technology" and a "game changer."
Gasoline, health care lift US producer prices in January,Prices accelerated in January, offering more evidence that inflation pressures were building up.
Homebuilders shrug off higher mortgage rates, stay optimistic on economic boost from tax cuts,Tax cuts are still making homebuilders feel better, even as rates rise to the highest level in more than four years.
US factory output fails to grow for second straight month,U.S. factory output was flat for the second straight month in January, raising questions about the manufacturing outlook.
Billionaire Blackstone CEO: Inflation fears should not overshadow benefits of a stronger economy,Schwarzman encourages investors not to lose sight of the big picture. "Markets get ahead of things and markets get behind things."
These jobs don't have enough people to fill them. See if you can,These 10 positions xe2x80x94 including home health care aides and truck drivers xe2x80x94 need more workers to fill them.
JP Morgan slashes GDP estimate to 2.5% after 'hotter than Hades' inflation report,J.P. Morgan slashed expectations for U.S. economic growth in the first quarter thanks to a "hotter than Hades" inflation reading.
January spending weakness is temporary because consumers are about to get a big boost,Any signs of a weak consumer in January's retail sales drop should be reversed by the benefits of the tax package.
Rising inflation rekindles a big market fear from the 1970s,January's hotter-than-expected consumer price index reading pushes the economy closer to a potential danger zone for the stock market.rnrn
Americans are spending $751 million on their pets for Valentine's Day,How much do you love your pet?
After months of flash sales and deep discounts, apparel prices spike the most in 3 decades,The Consumer Price Index on Wednesday revealed that apparel prices climbed 1.7 percent in January.
Americans will spend about $19.6 billion on Valentinexe2x80x99s Dayxe2x80x94including $654 million on co-workers,How do you stack up?
Consumer prices jump much more than forecast, sparking inflation fears,The Consumer Price Index, a key indicator of inflation trends, jumped 0.5 percent in January, well above market expectations.
Home Depot, Lowe's embark on spring hiring sprees as labor market stiffens,Two of the largest U.S. retailers are looking to hire more than 130,000 people combined.
Democrats go on defense as the Republican tax plan grows more popular,America is learning to love the GOP tax plan, and that concerns Democrats as the November midterm elections approach.
Inflation is seen rising in January, led by rising gas prices and rents,U.S. consumer prices likely increased solidly in January, boosted by rising gasoline and rents.
Stock jitters and higher interest rates drive weekly mortgage applications down 4.1%,Buying a home is emotional enough. Add a 1,000-plus point drop in the stock market and suddenly buyers really start to sweat.
Blankfein: Tax cuts plus more spending while economy grows is like throwing 'lighter fluid on a fire',Goldman's CEO says he wouldn't have done it, but calls the plan to spend while cutting taxes a 'bold move.'
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross: 'We're not trying to blow up the world' with tariffs,Ross says Trump has indicated a degree of flexibility on tariffs for Canada and Mexico.
Dick Bove: Loss of Cohn's expertise in White House could result in bad trade deals and higher inflation,The president is being isolated from those who could help fashion more effective, less combative trade deals.
White House chaos could turn into economic mayhem as Trump sides with protectionists,As Gary Cohn flees the White House, financial markets are discovering that elections have more than one consequence.
Total US household debt soars to record above $13 trillion,Total household debt rosexc2xa0to an all-time high of $13.15 trillion at year-end 2017, according to the Federal Reserve Bank of New York.
White House reportedly considering Mester for Fed vice chair,Loretta Mester is known as one of the more hawkish members in the Federal Reserve.
Steve Bannon: 'Yellen's my girl' and should have been reappointed,If Steve Bannon had his way in the White House, Janet Yellen would still be chair of the Federal Reserve.
3M upgraded at Deutsche Bank: US expansion 'could carry on for years',Recent tax overhaul in the United States is likely to fuel 3M's expansion higher, according to Deutsche Bank.
Tax reform puts pressure on companies to share the wealth,After winning big tax breaks, companies should drive more inclusive growth, says JPMorgan's Peter Scher.
US trade deficit jumps to more than 9-year high,The trade gap suggested President Trump's "America First" trade policies are unlikely to have a material impact on the deficit.
US fourth-quarter unit labor costs revised higher as productivity stalls,U.S. unit labor costs increased faster than initially thought in the fourth quarter amid weak worker productivity.
Talk of a trade war ignites uncertainty and is against the interest of the US, Fed officials said,Global worries over an emerging "trade war" pose an uncertainty for the Federal Reserve, officials said Wednesday.
Mortgage applications stall, along with interest rates,The start of the spring housing market has yet to energize the mortgage market.
Trump believes economic advisor Cohn will resign if tariffs imposed: Report,Republicans have spoken out against the tariffs, and Trump's contemporaries have urged Cohn not to resign.
Mnuchin backs tariffs, but says country 'not looking to get into trade wars',The Treasury secretary asserts that the U.S. is not provoking a global trade war but instead wants its companies to get equal treatment.rnrn
Goldman Sachs: Trump's tariffs are 'draconian' and will raise prices,President Trump would be better served by targeted tariffs instead of the "draconian" taxes he announced last week, Goldman Sachs said.
Fed's Kaplan says the market is not appreciating the risk of an oil price spike,Oil prices could spike as US shale growth falls short of global demand, Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan says.
Rising interest rates will be devastating to the US economy for one big reason,The single most dramatic effect of today's rising rates is the interest we will pay on our national debt.
'We're standing up to our foreign competition': Steel CEO on Trump tariffs,CEO Tim Timken says without U.S. steel, we would be reliant on foreign sources, which could threaten national security.
Trump to meet executives of companies that use steel and aluminum to discuss tariffs,U.S. President Donald Trump is expected to meet on Thursday with executives of U.S. companies that use steel and aluminum to discuss his proposed tariffs.
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross on potential price increases from Trump tariffs: 'No big deal',The Commerce Department recommended imposing heavy tariffs or quotas on foreign producers of steel and aluminum last month.
Trump doubles down: 'Trade wars are good, and easy to win',Even if new tariffs spark an international trade war, Trump is confident the United States would come out on top.
Consumer sentiment stays optimistic, buoyed by high hopes on jobs and tax boost,The University of Michigan's consumer sentiment index ticked down at the end of February, but remained historically high.
xe2x80x98Straight up stupid,' 'incompetent' and 'misguidedxe2x80x99: Economist Adam Posen rips Trump's tariffs,President Trump's announcement of a steep tariff on imported steel and aluminum has garnered widespread criticism, with U.S. trade partners already threatening retaliation.
CSX customers will likely bear the burden of higher steel tariffs: CEO,Fees from increased steel tariffs would eventually be passed onto CSX customers, says the railroad's CEO.
Economic cost of the opioid crisis: $1 trillion and growing faster,The number of fatal overdoses related to opioids is believed to have exceeded 62,500 in 2017.
Conservatives lash out at GOP spending binge,Deficit hawks in Congress and conservative activists who railed against President Barack Obama's spending plans called the GOP debt explosion "dangerous," xe2x80xb3immoral" and "a betrayal."
Washington is lighting an economic fire, and 'people should be spooked',The "Goldilocks" growth story is staying intact. But with fiscal stimulus coming, some wonder if there is too much of a good thing.
Trump administration mulls sale of Dulles, Reagan airports,The Trump administration is considering selling off Dulles and Reagan airports.
Trump wants to impose a 'reciprocal tax' on trade partners,U.S. President Donald Trump said he would push for a "reciprocal tax" against countries, including U.S. allies, that levy tariffs on American products.
Trump budget trifecta: Plan aims to gut Obamacare, roll back Medicaid expansion, cut Medicare,Republicans spent much of 2017 trying to repeal Obamacare, but failed in those efforts.
Stock market's rout is not impacting the US economic outlook: Cleveland Fed's Mester,The recent market sell-off and jump in volatility will not damage the economy's overall strong prospects, Cleveland Fed president Loretta Mester said.
Fed's Dudley: Market drop is 'small potatoes,' economy still strong, rates going up,The tumult in stocks has not changed New York Fed President Bill Dudley's view that the economy is likely to continue to grow above pace.
US jobless claims unexpectedly drop to a near 45-year low,The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell last week, dropping to its lowest level in nearly 45 years.
January was the strongest month for hiring in 9 months: LinkedIn report,Hiring across the U.S. was 13 percent higher last month than a year earlier, the LinkedIn Workforce Report finds.
Why cool the economy down now, Fed's Kashkari asks,Minneapolis Federal Reserve Bank President Neel Kashkari said he does not think the Fed should raise rates unless wages and inflation start to take off.
Fed won't overreact to good economic news, Williams says,The Federal Reserve will stick to its plan for "steady, gradual" interest-rate increases, a Fed policymaker said.
Fed is likely to continue raising rates: Kaplan,Economic growth in the U.S. may peak this year and could slow in the coming two years, Dallas Fed President Robert S. Kaplan said Thursday.
New Fed Chairman Powell could have a few surprises in store for the market,New Fed Chairman Jerome Powell may have a few surprises in store, judging by past statements he has made and some whispers on Wall Street.
'Bad' incentives, poor communication behind the Wells Fargo sales scandal: Fed's Dudley,Bad incentive structures for employees and a lack of communication to management contributed to Wells Fargo's sales practices scandal, the Fed's William Dudley said.
Americans borrow record amounts for auto loans even as interest rates rise,Despite rising interest rates, Americans are borrowing more than ever to buy new and used vehicles.
New head, new Fed? How Powell is ushering in a new era at the Federal Reserve,It appears Powell is ushering in an entirely different era at the Fed, in more ways than the obvious transition.
Goldman: 'Good chance' this leads to NAFTA withdrawal,President Donald Trump's decision to impose tariffs on steel and aluminum likely precedes an exit from NAFTA, according to Goldman Sachs.
Former Trump and Obama advisors both blast China as biggest trade cheater but differ on the remedies,The big question is whether the Trump administration will give favored trade partners like Canada an exemption from the tariffs.
What Hollywood can teach Trump about trade,Trump should tune into the Academy Awards on Sunday. Movie exports help narrow America's trade deficits, says Kabir Sehgal.
Top bank CEO: Trumpxe2x80x99s tariffs are a 'huge, huge mistakexe2x80x99,A top U.S. bank CEO tells CNBC that Trump's tariff plan will have "global repercussions."
Arthur Laffer: Puerto Rico's 'shortsighted' fiscal plan totally 'misses the mark',Accuracy and transparency have been lacking from the very beginning of this process, says economist Arthur Laffer.
Steel tariffs won't help Trump achieve his goal of 'American energy dominance,' oil industry warns,President Trump's plan to slap tariffs on steel imports threatens his quest for "American energy dominance," energy groups say.
New Fed chairman says Amazon helped keep inflation low,Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell says oil prices, e-commerce and labor slack were factors in keeping inflation low.
Fed Chair Powell: No evidence of 'decisive' move in wages or that economy is overheating,Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said Thursday that there are no "decisive" signs of wage inflation yet.rnrn
Manufacturing gets a boost in February; construction falls flat in January,ISM manufacturing activity was expected to rise in February, though at a slower pace than the month before.
Trump says US will institute tariffs on steel and aluminum imports next week,Trump announces the U.S. will institute steel and aluminum tariffs next week.
US consumer inflation picks up in January as spending slows,U.S. consumer prices increased in January, with a gauge of underlying inflation posting its largest gain in 12 months.
US weekly jobless claims drop to lowest level since 1969,The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits hit the lowest level in more than 48 years.
Ex-Fed Chairman Alan Greenspan: 'We are in a bond market bubble' that's beginning to unwind,"As real long-term interest rates rise, stock prices fall," but that's probably not the cause of the wild market swings, Greenspan says.
This index shows enthusiasm for the economy is getting out of hand,One measure, the Citi Economic Surprise Index, shows graphically how economists have been overestimating the expansion.
Dick Bove: What Powell won't say to Congress xe2x80x94 the Fed has funding challenges,Banking analyst Dick Bove explains a key issue Congress should address with new Fed chief Powell this week.
Nationwide weakness: Pending home sales drop 4.7% in January, hitting lowest point in nearly 4 years,The housing recovery appears to be making a U-turn as mortgage rates rise amid a critically low supply of homes for sale.
US fourth-quarter GDP growth is revised down to 2.5%,The second reading on fourth-quarter gross domestic product was expected to ease slightly to 2.5 percent from the initial reading of 2.6 percent growth.
Mortgage applications rise 2.7 percent as rates take a brief breather from surge,After rising sharply for several weeks, mortgage interest rates briefly steadied last week, and homebuyers responded.
House Democrats keep going after Fed Chair Powell for Trump's policies,Powell faces repeated hectoring from House Democrats about discrimination in home lending and other non-Fed-related issues.
Fed's Kaplan: Higher wages may not push up prices,The recent sell-off in the stock markets is a "healthy" correction from high valuations, Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan said in Frankfurt on Wednesday.
Economist LaVorgna: The Fed should raise rates to 2 percent and then just stay there,The maturation of the Fed's balance sheet or the so-called quantitative tightening will likely have an adverse impact on the economy.
US solar industry lost nearly 10,000 jobs in 2017,The U.S. solar industry lost nearly 10,000 jobs last year, led by steep losses in California and Massachusetts where installation growth has slowed.
Fed's Bullard says job market strength may not lead to higher inflation,James Bullard is CEO and president of the Federal Reserve Bank of St. Louis.
Soaring imports push US trade deficit to nine-year high,The U.S. trade gap widened more than expected in December, hitting its highest level since 2008 as robust domestic demand pushed imports to a record high.
Here's how much you have to earn to live comfortably in every US state,Getting by is a lot easier some places than others.
New Fed chairman Jerome Powell has his hands full as he takes office,Jerome Powell will have his hands full now that he's chairman of the Federal Reserve.
Non-manufacturing sector accelerates, reaching 12xc2xbd-year high,The rate of growth in the economy's service sector perked up in January after its pace eroded in the prior two months.
Janet Yellen calls stock market, real estate valuations 'high' in last interview before exit as Fed chief,Janet Yellen ends her long career at the Federal Reserve with concerns over how high the stock market has surged under her watch.
Yellen to start Monday at Brookings Institution, following Bernanke,Departing Fed Chair Janet Yellen will have a new job on Monday.
Amazon's HQ2 is a 'money losing investment for taxpayers,' warns top Fed official,The city Amazon chooses for its second headquarters may end up paying too high of a price, says Neel Kashkari.
Janet Yellen exits the Fed with an economy that's getting high marks xe2x80x94 but her grade is 'incomplete',By typical standards, Janet Yellen's performance as Fed chair would be considered an unqualified success.
Best wage growth since 2009 spurs talk of more Fed rate hikes,The best wage growth since 2009 sparked speculation the Fed may have to raise interest rates more than the three times it has forecast.
Mortgage rates jump even higher after positive jobs report,A strong employment report sent bond yields even higher, and mortgage rates loosely follow the yield of the 10-year Treasury.
Fed's Kashkari: Wage growth is good for workers, but maybe not so much for stock investors,"If wage growth continues that could have an effect on the path of interest rates," he says.
US adds 200,000 jobs in January, beating expectations xe2x80x94 wages jump best since crisis,Nonfarm payrolls were expected to increase by 180,000 in January and the unemployment rate to hold steady at 4.1 percent, according to Reuters.
Here's where the jobs are xe2x80x94 in one chart,Job gains in January were led by the health-care and construction industries.
US consumer sentiment falls less than expected, remaining near all-time highs,U.S. consumer sentiment was expected to slip in the January final reading.
US factory orders post fifth straight monthly increase,New orders for U.S.-made goods increased more than expected in December, but spending on equipment appeared to be slowing after strong growth in 2017.
US jobless claims unexpectedly fall as job market strengthens,First-time claims for state unemployment benefits were slightly lower than anticipated in the most recent week.
1 million US jobs will vanish by 2026. Here's how to prepare workers for an automated future,We need a higher education revolution to prepare workers for AI, says Jiffy Lube co-founder Stephen Spinelli Jr.
Black unemployment spikes to 7.7%, up from record low,After touching the lowest level since the government started tracking the data in 1972, unemployment for black workers is back above 7%
US productivity falls unexpectedly in the fourth quarter, while labor costs rise,Productivity unexpectedly fell in the fourth quarter, an indication that it be difficult to boost economic growth to 3 percent on a sustainable basis.
January planned job cuts are down nearly 3% from last year: Challenger,The Challenger report says companies announced plans to cut 44,653 jobs in January.rn
Yellen leaving Fed Saturday, Powell to be sworn in Monday,Janet Yellenxe2x80x99s final days as head of the Federal Reserve are at hand.
Fed leaves rates unchanged but gives more aggressive inflation expectations,The markets did not expect the Federal Open Market Committee to hike interest rates at Chair Janet Yellen's final meeting.
Traders are still expecting two to three rate hikes this year after Fed statement,The Federal Reserve likely remains on track to raise interest rates at least two times this year.
What to expect when youxe2x80x99re expecting a change in Fed leadership,Expect an adjustment period as the Fed changes hands, says Sven Henrich, founder of NorthmanTrader.
Pay gains during Trump's first year in office are the best since the Great Recession,Workers looking for fatter paychecks had their best year in 2017 since before the financial crisis, according to a government report Wednesday.
Private payrolls jump by 234,000, blowing past expectations: ADP,The new year got off to a strong start for job creation, with businesses adding 234,000 in January, according to a report from ADP and Moody's.
Pending home sales eke out 0.5 percent gain in December as supply shrinks to record low,The supply crisis is hitting housing hard, as strong demand quickly eats up what few listings there are.
NAFTA renegotiations are 'far from being completed,' says Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross,Ross does say some progress has been made on easier NAFTA provisions. But he downplays rejoining TPP.
Trump presidency smacks down the 'new normal' of 2% growth, top House tax writer Brady says,Kevin Brady says everyday American workers are beginning to see wage increases, most notably due to the new tax lawrnrn
Federal Reserve is expected to leave rates unchanged at Yellen's final meeting,The Fed may take note of improved economic conditions in a post-meeting statement, but it is expected to wait until March before raising rates again.
Rising interest rates cause a 2.6% pullback in weekly mortgage applications,Total mortgage application volume fell 2.6 percent last week as rates moved higher.
Trump vows to protect US intellectual property, without naming China,U.S. President Donald Trump vowed on Tuesday to protect American intellectual property, but made no mention of China.
Most of the tax cut windfall will boost buybacks and dividends, not workers' pockets, survey predicts,Economists, strategists and other respondents see tax cuts boosting economy but not down to workers' pocketbooks
Trump's immigration policies are 'economic poison' that will cost taxpayers billions,Trump's focus on deporting immigrants will cost billions and reduce tax revenues by billions more, say Tom Perez and James Boland.
Consumer confidence jumps as Americans expect 2017 momentum to continue,Consumer optimism pushed higher than anticipated in January, after a surprise decline the previous month.
Fed will be forced to raise rates more rapidly than expected because of accelerating economy, survey says,Respondents expect GDP to rise 2.9 percent, about half a point higher than the average forecast in July survey.
Powell: Fed members will be taking another look at rate projections,Policymakers need guard against imbalances in the financial system, but there appears little danger now, Fed Chairman Jerome Powell says.rnrn
Yields started jumping right at this moment when Powell hinted at more rate hikes than expected ahead,Bond yields pop as Fed Chair Jerome Powell lays out a case where the Fed could raise rates more than it has forecast.
Fed Chairman Powell: Market volatility won't stop more rate hikes,Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell downplayed recent market volatility and said the Fed is on track for more rate hikes.
Watch Fed Chairman Jerome Powell in his congressional testimony,Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell delivers his mandated semiannual report to Congress this week.
Home prices surge 6.3% in December amid critical housing shortage,Sky high demand and record low supply continued to push home prices higher in December, far faster than income growth.
US core capital goods orders fall for second straight month,New orders for key U.S.-made capital goods fell for a second straight month in January and shipments barely rose.
Fed's Quarles says it's been 'quite some time' since the economy looked this good,Further interest rate increases are likely forthcoming as the U.S. economy revs up, Federal Reserve Governor Randal Quarles said Monday.rnrn
Stock rally could depend on whether Powell is hands-off on policy for now,Whether stocks can keep rallying may depend on how well Fed Chair Jerome Powell handles Congress on Tuesday.
St. Louis Fed's Bullard says 'substantially' higher rates risk overly tight policy,St. Louis Fed's Bullard on Monday said "substantially" higher rates risk overly tight policy.
Watch Fed Governor Randal Quarles give his views on the US economy,Randal Quarles is speaking Monday at the National Association for Business Economics conference.
California gas tax repeal fight gets an unlikely player xe2x80x94 Trump,Trump's support for an increased federal gas tax could influence the gas tax repeal effort in California.rn
Rising mortgage rates hit new home sales hard, an ominous sign for builders,Higher mortgage rates and the loss of homeowner tax breaks in some of the nation's most expensive markets are taking away buying power.
Warren Buffett: The new GOP tax law benefits Berkshire and acts as a 'huge tailwind' for businesses,Corporate tax reform is a "huge tailwind" for American businesses, the Berkshire Hathaway chairman and CEO tells CNBC.
Surging bond yields to pinch homeowners and retirees,A surge in bond yields that sent stock markets skidding from record highs may have ripple effects outside Wall Street, as home ownership costs rise and nest eggs shrink.
Fed sees economy past full employment but with only 'moderate' wage gains,Fed policymakers see an economy that may be past full employment, market prices that are high and overall growth that continues to gather steam.
Fed's bond buying during financial crisis was not that effective, economists say,A new paper was presented Friday by Wall Street and academic economists at the U.S. Monetary Policy Forum.
Dimon, other CEOs talk jobs and economic growth at private White House dinner with Trump,Three CEOs had a private dinner with President Trump at the White House on behalf of a CEO lobbying group.
Bond King Gundlach says it would be a 'miracle' if White House's inflation view works out,The Trump administration is betting that wages can rise without sparking runaway inflation, but bond king Jeff Gundlach isn't so sure.rnrn
Trumpxe2x80x99s economic vision ignores immigrants, but it will need their labor,The immigration proposal favored by Trump would shrink the labor supply and the economy's long-term growth potential.
Fed's Bullard warns that too many rate hikes this year could slow the economy too much,Central bankers need to follow the economy, which is showing strength but still little inflation, says St. Louis Fed President James Bullard.
Janus' Bill Gross says US, global economies are too leveraged for an aggressive Fed,Investors' expectations for three or four rate hikes by the Fed in 2018 are likely overblown, influential bond investor Bill Gross said.
Jobless numbers show strong job growth in March that should support consumer spending,The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits unexpectedly rose last week, but the increase was marginal, suggesting strong job growth in March that should underpin consumer spending.
Tractor maker Deere & Co fears a hit from Trump tariffs and retaliation on US exports,U.S. tariffs could raise steel prices by 30 percent and may prompt Deere & Co to switch materials, but the company will absorb the costs, said its CEO Samuel Allen.
Fed hikes rates and raises GDP forecast again,The quarter-point rate hike announced by the Fed was expected. The FOMC's March meeting was Jay Powell's first as chair.
Here's what changed in the new Fed statement,This is a comparison of Wednesday's FOMC statement with the one issued after the Fed's previous policymaking meeting on January 31.
Watch Fed Chairman Jerome Powell give his first news conference live,Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell will give his first press conference Wednesday after taking the top position at the central bank in February. rn
Fed still expects 3 rate hikes this year, but will pick up the pace in 2019,But the U.S. central bank raised its 2019 projection, saying it sees the benchmark rate at 2.9 percent.
Powell says Trump's trade policy has become a growing concern among Federal Reserve members,"A number of participants in the [Federal Open Market Committee] did bring up the issue of tariffs," Federal Reserve Chairman Jerome Powell said at a news conference.
Janet Yellen's 2014 'gaffe' is a perfect example of what Fed Chair Jerome Powell has to avoid today,As Fed Chairman Jerome Powell gets set to deliver his first news conference Wednesday, he has a good example of what not to do from the fairly recent past.
Existing home sales jump in February,U.S. home sales surged in February but a chronic shortage of houses on the market remains an obstacle heading into the spring selling season.
It's time to test the early warning system for the economy and stocks,There are an increasing number of signs and signals that the economy is entering the very late stages of economic recovery.
US will consider re-entering TPP, Treasury Secretary Mnuchin says,The U.S. will consider re-entry to the trade deal once Washington accomplishes its other trade goals, Mnuchin said.
China may have just signaled that it will retaliate against US soybeans,U.S. subsidies for its soybean farmers have given them an unfair competitive advantage in selling to China and strong restrictive measures need to be taken to prevent dumping, Chinese tabloid Global Times said on Wednesday.
Mortgage refinances fall even further despite first rate drop of 2018,For the first time this year, mortgage rates dropped, but not enough to spur refinances xe2x80x94 which took a sharp dive.
Total American net worth ratio reaches new high xe2x80x94 which in the past signaled a recession was not far away,The surge in wealth from stocks and other financial assets is sending a potential danger signal for the economy.
Africa is on the verge of forming the largest free trade area since the World Trade Organization,African leaders are poised to approve the African Continental Free Trade Area, a deal that will unite over 50 countries in tariff-free trade.
Six months since Maria hit, frustrating progress on restoring Puerto Rico's power,While nearly 92 percent of customers have had power restored, more than 121,000 residents still go without.
Expect higher interest rates and smaller gain for stocks in 2018: CNBC survey,The S&P; is now seen ending the year at 2,839, about 5 percent higher than the current level, but down from the January forecast of 2,937.
Trade war threat is now Wall Street's top economic fear, survey says,Protectionism worries in the CNBC Fed Survey far outpace concerns over inflation, terrorism and even the Fed itself.
The Fed is unlikely to mention the one thing that could really hurt the economy,The Fed is expected to upgrade its view of the economy when it meets this week, but it's unlikely to publicly discuss one of the bigger risks for the economy.
Zimbabwe vows to name and shame offshore cash holders as it struggles to repatriate $1.4 billion,President Emmerson Mnangagwa said that less than half of the country's estimated $1.42 billion believed to be illegally stashed abroad has been brought back onshore.
Signs that the economy's potential has strengthened might mean rates rising higher than earlier thought,Could Fed Chair Jay Powell's optimism about the U.S. economy lead to more hikes than markets are prepared for?
Consumer sentiment pops in March to highest level since 2004,U.S. consumer sentiment rose its highest level since 2004 in the University of Michigan's mid-month report. rnrn
Industrial output rises on gains in manufacturing, mining,U.S. industrial production jumped 1.1 percent in February, the largest increase in four months.
Fragmented banking standards could be the xe2x80x98seedsxe2x80x99 of the next financial crisis, expert warns,Forcing different standards on banks and other financial services across the globe could spark the next financial crisis, the vice chairman of prominent U.S. clearing house DTCC said Friday.
This African nation, famous for its cocoa, is now 'about to have an oil boom',The west African cocoa producer is expected to be one of the world's fastest growing economies in 2018.
White House official Navarro: US can institute tariffs without causing a global trade war,The U.S. can institute tariffs on foreign goods without sparking a global trade war, Peter Navarro, director of the White House Trade Council, said in a CNBC interview.
Import prices rise more than expected in February,U.S. import prices rose more than expected in February as the largest increase in the cost of capital goods since 2008 offset a drop in petroleum prices.
Jobless claims fall as labor market strengthens,Jobless claims fell last week, pointing to sustained labor strength even as economic growth appears to have slowed early in the first quarter.
Larry Kudlow, new chief economic advisor to Trump, says China 'has earned a tough response',China can expect the U.S. to take a tough stance when it comes to international trade, Larry Kudlow, the newly appointed director of the National Economic Council, said Wednesday.
Forecasts see economic growth possibly below 2 percent to start the year,In late January the Atlanta Fed was calling for a 5.4 percent GDP gain. It released a reading Wednesday for its widely followed GDP tracker that slashed that projection all the way down to 1.9 percent. That came with similar reductions from J.P. Morgan and Goldman Sachs.
US business inventories continue to rise as sales post largest drop in over a year,U.S. business inventories increased solidly in January as sales recorded their biggest drop in 1xc2xbd years.
Rising services costs lift US producer prices in February,The Labor Department said on Wednesday its producer price index for final demand rose 0.2 percent last month after increasing 0.4 percent in January.
China's industrial output grew 7.2 percent, beating expectations,China's industrial output grew 7.2 percent in the first two months of the year compared with the same period last year, while fixed-asset investment growth quickened to 7.9 percent, both easily beating expectations.
Inflation fears cool off as consumer prices rise in line with expectations,Consumer prices likely rose 0.2 percent in February after a 0.5 percent gain in January, according to economists polled by Thomson Reuters.rn
'Red-hot' jobs market adds another 235,000 positions in February: ADP/Moody's,"The job market is red hot and threatens to overheat," says economist Mark Zandi.
Goldman Sachs sees a greater than 95% chance of a Fed rate hike in March,Goldman Sachs is all but certain the Federal Reserve will hike interest rates next month.
Fed's Quarles pushes for gradual rate hikes, review of crisis-era bank regulations,Inflation running slightly below target shouldn't deter the Fed from raising interest rates, Fed Governor Randal Quarles says.
Markets are getting it wrong on rising inflation, economist warns,Market participants have distorted expectations on how much consumer prices will change in the future, an economist told CNBC Thursday.
Fed minutes: All signs pointing to more rate hikes ahead,Federal Reserve officials see increased growth and an uptick in inflation as justification to continue to raise interest rates gradually.
Homeownership is increasingly for the wealthy,A severe shortage of affordable homes for sale caused a sharp and unexpected drop in January closings.
Market awaits first Fed report after Yellen's handoff to Powell,First up for the new central bank chief is how the market reacts to details from Janet Yellen's last meeting.
Fed's Harker expects two US rate hikes this year,Philadelphia Federal Reserve Bank President Patrick Harker said he still thinks just two rate hikes this year is "likely appropriate."
Here's how many hours of work it takes to pay rent in 11 major US cities,"Midwest is best," reports SmartAsset.
Don't worry about higher interest rates for now, JP Morgan says,You can stop worrying about the effect of higher interest rates on stocks for now, a J.P. Morgan strategist said Wednesday.
Fed could 'rock the boat' with what it says about market's worst fears: higher inflation, interest rates,The Fed minutes Wednesday could have more impact than usual if they provide any insight on inflation and interest rates.
More than half of Amazon's HQ2 finalist cities inherited a political problem,Eleven cities still in the running for Amazon HQ2 are in states lacking nondiscrimination laws. Gay rights advocates have taken notice.
Pentagon budget increase will lead to a 'major economic disaster,' says retired US Army officer,The spike in defense spending won't solve the military's readiness problems or make us safer, says retired Lt. Col. Daniel Davis.
Pricey New York City is causing millennials to live above their means,Millennials are likely to exceed their budget on housing in NYC, New York Business Journal reports.
Denver is 'the most challenging' city in US for first-time homebuyers, says report,Denver is the most challenging city in the country for first-time homebuyers, Denver Business Journal reports.
Small-business confidence hits record high in 2018 after Trump tax-reform win,Small-business confidence hits a record in 2018 as optimism rises over tax reform, according to the CNBC/SurveyMonkey Small Business Survey.
Goldman Sachs warns wave of US spending is in 'uncharted territory' and poses a danger to growth,Goldman Sachs sees a tidal wave of red ink xe2x80x94 and it may drag the U.S. economy into its undertow.
Sen. Jeff Flake: President Trump's immigration policy would hurt the economy,CNBC's John Harwood talks to Sen. Jeff Flake. Here's what the Arizona Republican said about immigration.
Consumer sentiment jumps in February, exceeding record-high 2017 average,U.S. consumer sentiment rose by much more than expected in February.rnrn
Major apartment developer: 'There is an acute crisis headed our way',Concerns mount about an overbuilt luxury market and a shortage of affordable rental housing.
Waste Management CEO: 80% of company's tax cut going back into the economy,Waste Management CEO Jim Fish disputes the narrative that major companies are only using corporate tax cut benefits to buy back stock.
US jobless claims fall to 45-year low,First-time claims for benefits were expected to total 250,000 in the most recent week, down from the 261,000 claims reported for the prior week.
'Potholes are everywhere'xe2x80x94fixing US infrastructure could take 40 years, says Chamber of Commerce CEO,Infrastructure in the United States is "25 years behind at least," U.S. Chamber of Commerce CEO Tom Donohue says.
Ignore the bad housing starts number. Builder optimism and buyer demand are high,Despite the latest housing starts figures, homebuilders are optimistic as homebuyer demand rises.
US housing starts down sharply on drop in single-family units,U.S. homebuilding fell more than expected in December, recording its biggest drop in just over a year.
Forget DACA for now, let's keep the government open first, says GOP's Hensarling,Democrats insisting the government funding bill include protections for "dreamers" is not a good way to govern, Rep. Jeb Hensarling says.
Cramer calls Apple's $350 billion investment in the US economy a 'modern-day Marshall Plan',Jim Cramer interviewed Apple CEO Tim Cook after his company's pledge to contribute $350 billion to the U.S. economy.
Trump administration's infrastructure plan takes shape, focusing on state, local, and private financing,The Trump administration is finalizing its infrastructure plan, which would push most project financing to private investment, and state and local taxpayers.
International tourism is booming, but not to the US,Travel- and retail-industry leaders are fretting about a decline in international visitors to the U.S.
Utilities, mining boost US industrial production,U.S. industrial production increased more than expected as unseasonably cold weather boosted demand for heating.
Homebuilder confidence falls from 18-year high, but it's still strong,Homebuilders are still feeling good about the economy, but they are starting the year a little less confident due to rising costs.
UBS becomes more bullish on US Fed rate path,The Swiss bank UBS has updated its call on the number of rate hikes that the U.S. Federal Reserve will announce this year.
Trump earns 'high marks' from UBS for his economic policies,The previous U.S. tax code and heavy regulations in the country did not give investors much confidence, UBS says.
Holiday sales best since Great Recession, as consumers buy the latest gadgets,National Retail Federation attributed growth to consumer confidence and strong employment.
Fed's Kaplan warns of unemployment 'overshoot' that could lead to a recession,Robert Kaplan is president and CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas and a voting member on the Fed's policy-setting committee.
US retail sales rise, while core sales are revised sharply higher,U.S. retail sales increased in December as households bought a range of goods and figures for the prior month were revised higher.
Americans love the economy xe2x80x94 but most still don't like Trump,Two-thirds of voters call the economy "excellent" or "good," but only 36 percent approve of President Trump's performance.
Fed's Dudley warns that tax cuts putting economy on an 'unsustainable path',New York Fed President Bill Dudley said that the recently passed tax cuts pose an ominous threat down the road.
David Rosenberg: Fed taking on role of 'serial bubble blower' and it won't 'end well',The Fed's tendency will be toward safe decisions and away from anything likely to unsettle Wall Street, said David Rosenberg at Gluskin Sheff.
The Fed is worried about what it will do in the next recession and is considering dramatic changes,More and more, Fed officials are beginning to think seriously about a dramatic change to monetary policy.
Home equity hits record high, and here's how homeowners are spending it,Homeowners are increasingly taking out cash to make more cash.
Trump administration's weak-dollar policy could kill the economic rally, analyst Bove says,The weak U.S. dollar policy as advocated by Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin would stop the economic surge, banking analyst Dick Bove said.rnrn
US jobless claims rise from a 45-year low, but the labor market continues to tighten,The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits rose less than expected last week, pointing to tightening labor market conditions.
US wants more trade but 'fair' and 'reciprocal' trade, Mnuchin tells Davos,The U.S. Treasury secretary warns that action will be taken where trade practices are deemed unfair.
Bank of America CEO: People with this skill will be successful in the future job market,To succeed, you'll need to find the signal in the noise.
Colorado governor says he's 'not going to cry' if Amazon doesn't put HQ2 in Denver,His comments stand in contrast to the dozens of elected officials eagerly vying for the company to set up shop in their states.
Jamie Dimon says Trump's tax cut will lead to economic boom this year,J.P. Morgan's Jamie Dimon says U.S. economic growth could hit 4 percent this year.rn
Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross: The US is not abandoning its strong dollar policy,Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross also expresses optimism over U.S. efforts to get a better NAFTA deal.
US trade deals need to be modernized for the digital future, says IBM CEO Ginni Rometty,Rometty says she's a strong supporter of free and fair trade everywhere given that IBM has a presence in 170 countries.
Mortgage applications jump 4.5% as buyers rush to beat higher rates,Mortgage applications rose 4.5 percent last week from the previous week.
US aggressively defends 'America First' agenda ahead of Trump's visit to Davos,Senior U.S. officials hit back on Wednesday against suggestions that President Donald Trump's  "America First" agenda was hurting globalization and trade.
Jerome Powell gets final approval from Senate to take over as Fed chairman,Jerome Powell xe2x80x94 known more casually as "Jay" xe2x80x94 assumes the top Fed position following his nomination by President Donald Trump in November.
Tax reform-related bonuses won't 'move the needle' on the wealth gap, says billionaire Ray Dalio,Dalio also says the middle class has suffered the most from soft income growth.
'I hope I'm wrong' xe2x80x94 but Trump's 3% growth target looks unrealistic, says billionaire David Rubenstein,Shifting workforce demographics make economic growth of 3 percent on a sustained basis unlikely, says the Carlyle co-founder.
With no recession red flags on horizon, 2018 will see strong US, global GDP growth: Strategist,A WisdomTree market analyst is optimistic for the year ahead, but there are some risks investors need to be mindful of as we begin the year.
Tax cuts makes US more attractive to overseas companies, Bank of America CEO says,The tax overhaul has made the United States a more attractive business destination to overseas companies, BofA's CEO says.
IMF says tax overhaul will help boost US and global growth xe2x80xa6 for now,The International Monetary Fund (IMF) has revised global growth forecasts for 2018 and 2019 upwards.
Moody's sees government shutdown as a threat to the US economy, but not its credit rating,The shutdown that began on Saturday is disruptive to the economy, but poses no immediate threat to its Aaa-rating, Moody's Investors Service said.
Trump pledged to revive the coal industry, but little has changed one year into his first term,U.S. coal output and exports ticked up in Trump's first year in office, but employment barely budged and coal plants continued to close.
Consumer sentiment falls in January, while tax reform viewed with optimism,U.S. consumer sentiment was expected to rise in the January mid-month reading.
Rising mortgage rates could mean even fewer homes for sale this spring,The spring housing market is just around the corner and this year it will be more competitive than ever.
Minneapolis Fed proposes massive regulation change for big banks,The Minneapolis Fed proposed a set of sweeping new regulations Wednesday aimed at reducing the risk big banks pose to the economy.
US import prices post smallest gain in five months,U.S. import prices recorded their smallest increase in five months in December and underlying pressures were muted.
Three rate hikes by the Fed in 2018 would be problematic for markets, expert says,The latest FOMC projections indicate three rate hikes for 2018, but markets have only priced in two increases.
Trump economic advisor Hassett: New GOP tax law will take pressure off the Fed,The minutes from the Fed's last policy meeting on multiple occasions noted that officials remained unsure about the tax plan.
Passing the GOP tax bill was hard. Selling it to voters could be even harder,Pro and anti-tax reform advocates are gearing up for a massive public relations blitz ahead of the 2018 midterm elections.
Williams paints benign picture of Fed rate hikes, strong US economy,The Federal Reserve should raise interest rates three times this year given the already strong economy will get a boost from tax cuts.
Homeowners are sitting on trillions in 'tappable' equity,Homeowners have $3 trillion more in equity than when the housing market last bottomed in 2012.
Fed's Harker pushes for only two rate hikes in 2018,Fed officials should ease up on expectations for rate hikes this year, Philadelphia Fed President Patrick Harker said in a speech Friday.
Black unemployment rate falls to record low,Since the government started tracking it in 1972, the black unemployment rate had not fallen below 7 percent until December.
Services sector growth slows more than expected in December,Non-manufacturing economic activity was expected to tick up in December.
Here's where the jobs are xe2x80x93 in one chart,Construction and manufacturing added jobs while retail continued to slide, the Labor Department says.
Job creation whiffs in December; payrolls up 148,000, unemployment still 4.1%,The retail sector lost 20,000 jobs despite the holiday shopping season, the Labor Department data show.
Why this 'disappointing' jobs report will soon look good,December's jobs report reveals problems in the labor market that will only get worse, says Moody's Chief Economist Mark Zandi.
By all measures, a construction boom is shaping up for 2018,The construction industry finished the year with 35 percent more jobs added than in 2016. Now, the industry is even more optimistic.
US trade deficit rises more than expected to a near 6-year high on record imports,The U.S. trade deficit increased more than expected in November as imports of goods surged to a record high.
Tax reform bonuses to lift retail stocks, Barclays says as it upgrades Target, Lowe's,The GOP tax cuts position the retail industry "exceptionally well" in the new year, according to Barclays.
Here's what California's new weed law will really ignite: Jobs growth,California's recreational marijuana industry alone will create 160,000 jobs and erase the state's budget deficit, says Deborah Borchardt.
Solid US job growth is expected in December,Employers likely maintained a brisk pace of hiring in December while increasing wages for workers amid growing confidence in the economy.
LinkedIn report finds a 24.2% rise in December hiring as growth in Sun Belt cities booms,Hiring across the U.S. was 24.2 percent higher last month than a year earlier, LinkedIn says.
Low unemployment strains industries like manufacturing,Such a tight labor market makes finding skilled workers tougher in manufacturing and other industries.
Trump advisor Cohn: President to focus on $1.5 trillion infrastructure plan in State of the Union,President Trump's State of the Union speech will include a $1.5 trillion infrastructure plan, White House aide Gary Cohn tells CNBC.
Home prices surge to new high, up 6.2% in November,The supply crisis in the housing market is not letting up, and consequently neither are the gains in home values.
Mortgage rates jump to the highest point in 4 years, an ominous sign for spring housing,Home prices were already leaping due to a supply crisis, but now a surge in mortgage rates will make buying a home even more expensive.
Tax overhaul means a $4,000-a-year pay raise for the average family, Trump advisor says,About a third of corporate profits from the tax overhaul will eventually go to everyday workers, says Trump advisor Kevin Hassett.
Consumer spending rises as savings plummets to a 10-year low,U.S. consumer spending rose solidly in December as demand for goods and services increased, but the increase came at the expense of savings.
NYC battles Newark to win Amazon's $5 billion headquarters,NYC and Newark are in a heated battle for Amazon's second headquarters. New Jersey is offering $7 billion in incentives to woo Jeff Bezos.
GOP lawmakers push back on gas tax idea as Trump gears up for $1 trillion infrastructure plan,Some Republican lawmakers are against raising the federal gas tax to pay for the president's promised $1 trillion infrastructure plan.
Will the solar tariffs be a boon for the US? The answer is far from straightforward,In what may have been the opening salvo of a potential U.S.-China trade spat, the Trump administration announced it was applying a 30 percent tariff to certain imports, to include solar panels and modules.
Very few US adults report receiving bonuses or raises from the Republican tax law,Two percent of U.S. adults said they had gotten a raise, bonus, or other benefits due to the Republican tax law enacted a month ago.
Trump's first State of the Union will focus on the economy, trade and immigration,The official theme of the speech is, "building a safe, strong and proud America."
Mnuchin says we'll see 'massive investment' back into US because of game-changing tax cut,Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says lower corporate taxes will lead to more investment in the United States.
US economic growth slows in fourth-quarter on surging imports,U.S. economic growth unexpectedly slowed in the fourth quarter as the strongest pace of consumer spending in three years.
Durable goods orders soar 2.9% in December,Orders for long-lasting manufactured goods rose 2.9 percent in December, the fastest pace since June and another sign of strength for American industry.
Treasury Secretary Mnuchin says stronger dollar is in the best interest of the country,Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin tells CNBC his lack of concern about the dollar's value is limited to the near term.rn
Trump says cutting regulations 'was every bit as important as what we did with the tax cuts',"Don't kid yourself, regulations are just as big as the tax cuts," the president told CNBC.
Ray Dalio, manager of world's largest hedge fund, rips Mnuchin's weak dollar position as 'a hidden tax',Hedge fund kingpin Ray Dalio says Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin's advocacy of a weak dollar threatens the economic recovery.
Leading indicators gain in Dec., expected to continue momentum due to tax reform,A key economic indicator rose more than expected in December to build on momentum from the previous month.
Bezosxe2x80x99 net worth soars, while 10% of Amazonxe2x80x99s Ohio workers are on food stamps, liberal think tank says,Policy Matters Ohio found that roughly 700 employees, more than 1 in 10, at Amazon's Ohio warehouses received SNAP benefits in August.
Puerto Rico unveils revised fiscal plan: No debt service payments for the next 5 years,After Hurricane Maria, it was decided that the fiscal plan needed to be revised to reflect the island's new reality.
These are the top 5 most affordable US cities,The best places to live when you're on a budget.
Quick move higher in interest rates could be warning for 2018,Markets will be watching bond yields Wednesday, amid concern this week's sharp move higher in interest rates is a sign of what could be ahead in 2018.
Weekly mortgage applications sink 4.9% as homebuyers pull back,Something spooked home buyers last week, and it wasn't interest rates, because they fell.
See the complete results of the fourth-quarter CNBC All-America Economic Survey,CNBC surveyed 800 adults to get their views on the state of the U.S. economy, the Trump presidency, plans for holiday spending, and more.
Holiday spending on track to be highest in at least 12 years: CNBC survey,The CNBC All-America Economic Survey finds that optimism on the economy is fueling record holiday spending plans.
Tax overhaul is nice, but here's what Main Street is really hoping for,A deregulatory tone and action on tax cuts have small businesses feeling positive. But here's 3 more things they really want.
Fed's Kashkari: I'm against rate hikes due to low inflation, but the GOP tax bill could change that,The Fed's Neel Kashkari says he keeps voting against interest rate hikes because of low inflation and troubling bond market signals.
Single-family home construction boosts US housing starts,U.S. homebuilding unexpectedly rose in November, with the construction of single-family housing units surging to a 10-year high.
'It's not the Fed's job to protect investors from losses,' says central banker Kashkari,Minneapolis Fed President Neel Kashkari says it could be costly for the Fed to try to constrain the stock market.
Warner on GOP tax plan: 'Worst piece of legislation that I've seen since I've been in the Senate',The Virginia Democrat spoke to CNBC's John Harwood about the Republican plan to reform tax policy.
US Congress is poised to approve the biggest tax overhaul in 30 years,The Republican-controlled U.S. Congress will begin voting on Tuesday on the biggest overhaul of the U.S. tax system in more than 30 years.
Many rich Americans are complaining the new tax code will have them paying more, not less,Many wealthy Americans are complaining bitterly that the new tax code will have them paying more, not less, in taxes.
US Senate panel is likely to reject Trump's Exim Bank pick, while others advance,The U.S. Senate Banking Committee looks set to reject President Donald Trump's nominee to run the Export-Import Bank on Tuesday.
Economic optimism soars, boosting Trump's approval rating,The CNBC All-America Economic Survey finds a near record 41 percent expect the economy to improve in the next year.
Homebuilder confidence hits highest level in 18 years in December,Confidence among the nation's homebuilders jumped unexpectedly in December on expectations for a stronger economy.
The Federal Reserve doesn't think the GOP tax cuts will pay for themselves,Fed officials do not seem to be buying what tax cut advocates are selling, namely that growth will offset the proposed rate reductions.
Holiday shoppers are feeling generous this year, retail sales are poised for big gains,With 10 days until Christmas, retailers hope to cash in on the final stretch of shopping. Spending is strong so far.
US industrial production rose in November on a rebound in oil and natural gas,U.S. industrial production rose 0.2 percent in November due to a rebound in extracting oil and natural gas after a stoppage due to Hurricane Nate.
US weekly jobless claims rise less than expected,First-time claims for state unemployment benefits rose less than expected, declining from the previous week.
Retail sales unexpectedly surge in November,Sales increased more than expected in November as the holiday shopping season got off to a brisk start, pointing to sustained strength in the economy.
Business inventories slip in October, following a month of no gain,The measure of business supply met economists' expectations, dipping slightly after flattening out in the prior month.
Why Trump tax reform will be even better than Reagan,This tax reform package could make Reagan reforms "look small," says Jack Bouroudjian.
Trump claims companies are 'showering their workers with bonuses' following tax plan passage,Giving bonuses "is the rage" after the GOP passed its tax plan, President Trump contends.
US core capital goods orders dip, while shipments increase,New orders for key U.S.-made capital goods fell in November after four straight months of increases.
Consumer spending rises more than expected, while savings is at the lowest level since 2008,U.S. consumer spending accelerated in November amid an increase in demand for recreational goods and utilities.
Trump promised to protect the steel industry, but layoffs are coming instead,Steelworkers thought they would see a new dawn for their industry. But the presidentxe2x80x99s pledge to do something has actually done more harm than good.
As Republicans aim to ride the economy to a midterm election victory, a warning from voters in a key district,In midterm congressional elections, history shows that voters often focus on issues other than the economy.
The consumer has never been stronger, and this could just be the beginning,Economic data tied to consumer confidence is going to be important to watch over the next two weeks, writes Mark Tepper.
Larry Lindsey being considered for Fed vice chair job: Sources,The White House is looking for monetary policy expertise for Fed vice chair job, sources say.
Senate passes spending bill, sets stage for tax cut signing,President Donald Trump is expected to sign the bill averting a government shutdown.
Here's how the tax bill will affect the middle class in every US state,In general, the more you earn, the more you'll save on taxes.
US third-quarter economic growth lowered to 3.2%,The final reading on third-quarter gross domestic product was forecast to rise 3.3 percent, unchanged from the prior estimate.
Leading economic indicators rise 0.4 percent, meet expectations,Economists polled by Reuters estimated key indicators will rise by 0.4 percent in November, following a strong month of growth in October.
Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady: 'We've got the fundamentals right in this tax reform bill',The House Ways and Means Committee chairman Kevin Brady said the tax bill encourages companies to invest in America.
Trump and Ryan: Democrats want a shutdown to distract from tax bill success,Trump and Ryan contend that Democrats want to see a shutdown to distract from Republicans' passage of the tax overhaul.
Congress races to fund the government and avert a shutdown,The otherwise uncontentious government spending bill contains a political sweetener for the president.
US weekly jobless claims rise more than expected,The number of Americans filing for benefits rose more than expected last week, but the underlying trend remained consistent with a tightening labor market.rnrn
US tax bill may face lawsuits from high-tax states with long odds but political payoffs,Democratic-leaning states may take legal action to challenge the cap on deductions of state and local taxes under the new U.S. tax code.
Lawmakers rush to try and pass a spending bill to avoid a potential government shutdown this weekend,Lawmakers hope to approve a must-pass spending bill on Thursday as the clock ticks toward potential government shutdown this weekend.
Most Americans think Democrats would do a better job handling economy, despite success under Trump,A recent poll found that for the first time since 2013, the Democratic Party has a 5 point advantage on which side better handles the economy and taxes.
Final GOP plan would stick millions with bigger tax bills xe2x80x94 here are your odds of getting hit,A sweeping tax overhaul expected to become law would raise taxes for millions. This chart shows your odds of getting hit.
US import prices surge in November,Prices surged in November amid an increase in the cost of imported petroleum products, leading to the largest year-on-year increase in seven months.
Fed raises rates a quarter point, hikes growth outlook for economy,The Federal Reserve had been expected to raise its benchmark interest rate a quarter point to a target range of 1.25 percent to 1.5 percent.
Here's what changed in the new Fed statement,This is a comparison of Wednesday's FOMC statement with the one issued after the Fed's previous policymaking meeting on July 26.
The Fed maintains 2018, 2019 rate forecast,The charts have become a series of tea leaves that many investors like to read for hints about what the FOMC will do next.
Citi raises prime lending rate to 4.5%  from 4.25%,The move comes after the Federal Reserve upped its key short-term rate a quarter-point, as expected
US consumer prices increase, but core inflation is moderating,Prices accelerated in November amid a rebound in gasoline prices, but declining healthcare and apparel costs curbed underlying inflation pressures.
Weekly mortgage applications fall 2.3% as rates rise,Total mortgage application volume fell 2.3 percent last week, weighed down by fewer applications to refinance.
Companies are paying a shockingly low 'effective' tax rate of just 13% right now, calculates Wall Street economist,Companies already are paying well below the 20 percent tax level targeted in the Republican reform plan, according to Yardeni Research.
80% of Wall Street economists, strategists believe bitcoin is a bubble: Survey,Despite bitcoin's immense gain in popularity, Wall Street's top economists and market strategists remain unconvinced.
Tax cuts and rate hikes are on the way, starting Wednesday, CNBC's survey of Fed watchers finds,CNBC's Steve Liesman reveals Fed insights from CNBC's latest survey of money managers, strategists and economists.
A tax cut designed for economic contraction, not growth,Individuals unlikely to see a boost in disposable income, hence, there is unlikely to be a large increase in consumer demand.
More American jobs? Broadcom deal might mean the opposite,President Trump hailed Broadcom's decision to bring its headquarters to the U.S., but if its takeover bid for Qualcomm goes through it may cost jobs.
Manufacturing CEO survey shows record high optimism on prospect of tax reform,In its quarterly survey, the National Association of Manufacturers found 94.6 percent of CEOs were positive about their company's outlook.
GOP tax cuts will pay for themselves xe2x80x94 but only if other changes happen too, Treasury says,The Treasury projects that the Republican tax plan would boost the real GDP growth rate to 2.9 percent over 10 years.
On Main Street the bigger you are, the better tax reform looks: CNBC/SurveyMonkey,The bigger a small business is, the more bullish it is on Trump's tax reform plan, the CNBC/SurveyMonkey Small Business survey reveals.
Business confidence on Main Street is not rising, despite the prospect of tax reform,The CNBC/SurveyMonkey Small Business Survey saw a relation between confidence and the prospect that tax reform will become law by year-end.
Sen. Chuck Grassley highlights the problems the GOP tax bill still faces,Chuck Grassley says the GOP still needs to compromise on the treatment of the alternative minimum tax and state and local tax deductions.
Fed's incoming chair Powell faces an early test of his policy view as tax cuts near approval,The incoming Fed chair appears set to let an expected tax cut run its course as weak wage growth and inflation buttress his view that the economy remains underpowered.
Contenders emerge for the No. 2 Fed job as search narrows,The Federal Reserve Bank of New York will soon narrow its search for candidates to fill what is considered the Fed's second-most powerful job.
The economy's biggest mystery xe2x80x94 paychecks just aren't growing,The 228,000 jobs created formed a solid foundation, but the moribund 2.5 percent wage growth left many scratching their heads.
Strong November jobs report shows solid economy and best of all worlds for stocks,November's solid jobs gain and modest wage growth show a strong economy with still low inflation, a perfect recipe for stock market gains.
Trump advisor Cohn: 'We're still not growing wages in this country',Trump administration officials are concerned about the lack of wage growth in the economy, White House economic advisor Gary Cohn says.
Economy firing on all cylinders as November job growth tops hopes,The U.S. economy created 228,000 jobs in November while the unemployment rate held steady at 4.1 percent, according to the Labor Department.
It sure looks like tax cut money is going to be spent on buybacks instead of hiring people or giving them raises,Critics of the Republican-sponsored plan say companies will use the windfall to reward investors with share buybacks and dividends.
November seen as another strong month for hiring and wages should be on the rise,Employers are expected to have added about 200,000 jobs in November and wage growth was seen as strong, reinforcing a Fed rate hike
Household wealth jumps to near $97 trillion, 72 percent higher than crisis level,Household wealth rose nearly 2 percent in Q3 and is near double the level it was during the financial crisis, according to Fed data.
McKinsey & Co. senior exec Thomas Barkin named new head of the Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond,The Federal Reserve Bank of Richmond on Monday named former McKinsey & Co. executive Thomas Barkin as its next president and CEO.
Cramer: GOP tax cuts good for the stock market xe2x80x94 working Americans not so much,"I said on Friday that it may not be good for the workers, but boy is it good for the stock market," Jim Cramer says.
GOP billionaire Ken Langone: US needs to cut debt even if it causes a recession and a stock plunge,Tax cuts are great, but the only way to really get America's financial house in order is to cut debt, the Home Depot co-founder says.
Fed rate hike is expected next week and three more increases are expected in 2018,The U.S. Federal Reserve is almost certain to raise interest rates later this month, according to a Reuters poll of economists.
GOP Senator says itxe2x80x99s hard to fund $14 billion childrenxe2x80x99s health programxe2x80x94then advocates for $1 trillion tax cut,That puts health care for millions of American children at risk.
Bush tax-cut architect dismisses JCT scoring of the Senate tax bill as a 'fraud',An exclusive note from George W. Bush's former economic advisor accuses the tax committee of "playing games" to thwart the tax bill.
NAHB CEO: GOP is interested in our demands on the tax billxe2x80x94nobody wants a housing recession,The National Association of Home Builders' CEO is more upbeat after tax talks with House Speaker Paul Ryan and Rep. Kevin Brady.
Three ways Trump's latest pick could really shake up the Federal Reserve,In Goodfriend, the Fed gets someone whose approach to monetary policy and regulation runs counter to three core tenets of current orthodoxy.
US consumer spending moderates in October, while inflation is picking up,U.S. consumer spending slowed in October as the hurricane-related boost to motor vehicle purchases faded.
Here's how the Senate tax bill affects people earning less than $100,000,If you're making less than $75,000, these tax cuts aren't for you.
US jobless claims post second weekly decline,The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell last week, dropping for a second straight week as labor market conditions tightened further.
McKinsey: One-third of US workers could be jobless by 2030 due to automation,The consulting firm estimates that between 400 million and 800 million people globally could be displaced by automation.
US third-quarter economic growth is at the fastest pace in three years,The U.S. economy grew faster than initially thought in the third quarter, notching its quickest pace in three years.
St. Louis Fed's Bullard links tax bill with equity surge, stronger growth outlook,The U.S. tax legislation approved last year is likely to boost growth and investment, St. Louis Fed President James Bullard said.
Warren Buffett on the US economy: xe2x80x98The tsunami of wealth didnxe2x80x99t trickle down. It surged upwardxe2x80x99,Those who benefit have to help those left behind.
As California's housing crisis worsens, more residents are forced to sleep in their cars,Things are only getting worse.
Private sector job creation surged in December as holiday shopping boomed,The U.S. private sector added 250,000 jobs in December, well above the 190,000 jobs expected by economists polled by Reuters.
Sen. Rob Portman: New tax law took US corporate tax code from worst to 'one of the best',Rob Portman of Ohio says the yet-untold story of the new tax law is the impact it will have on global investment.
How the 'bomb cyclone' could impact the US power grid and ratepayers,Analysts don't expect the bomb cyclone to pack the same punch as the 2014 polar vortex, but it does create challenges for grid operators.
US weekly jobless claims rose, though data for several states were estimated,The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits rose for a third straight week last week.
Job-cut announcements in 2017 see lowest level since 1990,U.S. employers announced plans to cut 32,423 jobs in December, bringing the year's total to a low not seen since 1990.
The Fed may be only thing that can stand in the way of a rally that has been impossible to stop,No dynamic could be more important in 2018 for investors than how the Federal Reserve manages what should be an accelerating economy. rnrn
Fed minutes show 'last stand' by Yellen and the doves,The final interest rate hike of the Yellen era was met by the usual divided Fed, but the scales will now tip toward the more hawkish voices.
New York real estate has its worst quarter in 6 years xe2x80x94 and there could be more pain ahead,Manhattan real estate sales and prices took a fall in the fourth quarter, and they're likely to slide even further.
We can get 3% GDP growth this year, but it's 'a one-hit wonder,' JP Morgan strategist says,Strategist David Kelly sees the U.S.reaching 3 percent GDP this year, but much slower growth thereafter.
State wage hikes will fatten worker paychecks by $5 billion,More than 4.5 million U.S. workers will soon get a fatter paycheck. The raise has nothing to do with the new tax overhaul law.
2018 will bring a disastrous geopolitical event that rivals the 2008 financial crisis, says foreign policy expert Ian Bremmer,The world is moving toward crisis and a state of "geopolitical depression" on the scale of the 2008 financial meltdown, Eurasia Group warns.
Home prices are set to soar in 2018,The temperature may be frigid across much of the nation, but home prices are sizzling and sellers are in the hot seat.
Small-business hiring shows signs of slowing, even as the economy accelerates,The Small Business Jobs Index closed the year at 99.70 after falling 0.16 percent in December and 0.78 percent for the year.
As US budget fight looms, Republicans are suddenly worried about spending,The head of a conservative Republican faction in the U.S. Congress called himself a xe2x80x9cfiscal conservativexe2x80x9d on Sunday and urged budget restraint in 2018.
Congress, midterm elections, and threats abroad are among the many challenges on Trump's plate,President Donald Trump has returned from an end-of-year holiday to face fresh legislative challenges, midterm elections, and threats abroad.
Reagan would have supported Trump tax reform despite its flaws, says Reagan budget director,Trump tax reform is different than 1986 but could be just as transformative, says Jim Miller, White House budget director under Reagan.
Consumer confidence drops further from decade highs,U.S. consumer sentiment fell more than expected in the December mid-month reading, according to a University of Michigan survey.
A vital real estate tax break to preserve Main Street USA may be cut by the GOP,The fate of the tax credit to preserve historic districts on Main St. is uncertain under GOP tax reform plan. Entrepreneurs are now on edge.
In likely final address, Yellen calls on Congress to adopt pro-growth policies,Fed Chair Janet Yellen called on Congress to adopt policies that will get U.S. economic growth out of its "disappointingly slow" post-recession pattern.
Weekly mortgage applications fall 3.1%, as interest rates offer no incentive,Applications to refinance a home loan led the way down, falling 8 percent last week.
Powell, sounding a lot like Yellen, promises rate hikes and little policy change,For Jerome Powell, his confirmation hearing was a chance to assure senators the status quo is likely to prevail after Janet Yellen leaves.
Fed nominee Powell: Financial system 'quite strong,' backs 'tailoring' to ease up on small banks,At his Senate confirmation hearing for Fed chairman, Jerome Powell says he favors "tailoring" regulations to help smaller banks.rn
Top House tax writer Brady: I'm confident the Senate will find a way to 'stand and deliver' on taxes,"The ball is in the Senate's court," House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady says.
Cyber Monday becomes largest online shopping day in US history, ringing up $6.59 billion in sales,Cyber Monday sales were on pace to hit $6.59 billion by the end of the day, Adobe Insights revealed Monday evening.
Morgan Stanley predicts 2018 will be 'tricky' for global economies; says sell US corporate bonds,Morgan Stanley remains optimistic in the global economy so long as other economies pick up the slack, but it will be "tricky."
Consumer confidence hits new 17-year high,Consumer optimism was expected to taper slightly in November, after recording historic highs in October.
Democrats cancel meeting after Trump says 'I don't see a deal' to prevent government shutdown,Trump made the remarks hours before a scheduled meeting with Senate Minority Leader Chuck Schumer and House Minority Leader Nancy Pelosi.
Corker: 'I've been a deficit hawk for 11 years' and don't want to damage the nation with tax vote,Sen. Bob Corker says he's on the fence about the crucial tax reform vote because he doesn't want to "damage the nation over the long haul."
Fed's Kashkari: There's no reason to 'tap brakes' on the US economy,Minneapolis Federal Reserve Bank President Neel Kashkari on Monday signaled he may once again dissent of the Fed raises rates in December.
US goods trade deficit widens in October, inventories fall,The U.S. goods trade deficit increased sharply in October and inventories declined broadly.
Bob Corker: Here's what it will take to get me to vote for the tax bill,On Monday, Corker suggested he could oppose the Republican tax bill in a procedural Senate Budget Committee vote.
Case-Shiller home price index rises 6.2% in September,The S&P; CoreLogic Case-Shiller home price index rose more than expected in September.
Markets will pay close attention to Powell's comments on regulation and inflation,Fed Governor Jerome Powell is no stranger in financial markets, but traders will still give special weight to his views on inflation, regulation and taxes.
US new home sales surge unexpectedly, hitting 10-year high in October,Sales of new U.S. single-family homes unexpectedly rose in October, hitting their highest level in 10 years amid robust demand across the country.
Some Wall Street pros see Congress' tax plan as too much of a good thing with too high a price,While stocks have rallied around it, some Wall Street pros say the tax bill could be almost too much of a good thing for the economy.
Cyber Monday sales set to hit $6.59 billion, marking the largest ever US online shopping day,Cyber Monday sales were on pace to hit $6.59 billion by the end of the day, Adobe Insights revealed Monday evening.
Consumer sentiment beats expectations as buyers voice more certainty on jobs, economy,Consumer confidence was expected to fall to 98 in November.
Billionaire Ray Dalio: For the 'bottom 60 percent' of the country, itxe2x80x99s a xe2x80x98miserable economy',And soon, technology will make the wealth gap even worse.
September job openings holds steady near record high,Job openings posted by U.S. employers in September were expected from the Labor Department on Tuesday.
More housing markets are overvalued, and consumers feel the pain,The steady rise in home prices is so far showing no limits, and that is turning up the heat on some already overheated housing markets.
Tax cut-driven economic growth alone won't wipe out the deficit, top House tax writer Brady admits,"Growth alone, I acknowledge, won't get us back" to a balanced budget, says the House Ways and Means Committee chairman.
Here's the problem with the GOP's claim that the middle class will get a tax cut,The GOP claims the whole purpose of tax reform is a "middle-class tax cut." But that's not quite true, says Vox's Matt Yglesias.
More deregulation is coming to the US, Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says,Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said already "thrilled" business executives should expect even more regulatory relief over the coming months.
Commerce Secretary Ross: It's not fair that the US absorbs the world's trade surplus,Wilbur Ross, the U.S. secretary of commerce, told CNBC that it's unfair his country is being affected by trade protectionism.
There's still one thing missing from this booming economy: Fatter paychecks,As the unemployment rate drops and other aspects of the job market remain solid, one weakness stands out: the lack of wage growth.
Jobs up 261,000 in October but short of expectations; unemployment rate at 4.1%,The U.S. was expected to create 310,000 jobs in October, after losing 33,000 jobs a month earlier in the wake of devastating hurricanes.
Cramer: We're going to get a Fed interest rate hike after October's jobs number,"It's all systems go" on a Fed rate hike, Jim Cramer says.
Here's where the jobs are xe2x80x94 in one chart,Leisure and hospitality industry had the largest net job gain last month, the Labor Department says.
A tax cut that lifts the economy? Opinions are split,With the release of an ambitious overhaul of the tax code, House Republicans are moving to fulfill a long-held desire of corporate America: a large and audacious tax cut, NYT reports.
'Too young' Warsh reportedly blew his Fed interview with Trump while Powell aced his,The president even consulted casino mogul Steve Wynn and did an impromptu show-of-hands poll of Senate Republicans.
ISM non-manufacturing index hits highest reading since index debuted in 2008,Economists polled by Reuters expected non-manufacturing economic activity to shrink slightly in October.
Forget the numbers, this job market is 'red hot,' says Moody's chief economist,With such a tight labor market, big tax cuts could have dangerous consequences for the economy, says Moody's Chief Economist Mark Zandi.
For aspiring vets, jobs are aplenty xe2x80x94 demand set to rise 18 percent in 10 years,Demand for veterinary professionals is on the rise xe2x80x94 a byproduct of the booming pet-care industry and a growing world population.
LinkedIn report shows a 24% increase in October hiring,The sectors with the biggest year-over-year increase were oil and energy.
Get ready for a blowout October jobs number after hurricanes slammed September hiring,Economists expect job growth of 310,000 in October, a rebound after hurricanes Harvey and Irma resulted in a 33,000 decline in September.
Jerome Powell speaks on bank rate, but nothing about Fed chair nomination,Fed Governor Jay Powell delivered a speech Thursday morning but dropped no hints about his impending appointment to lead the central bank.
US weekly jobless claims decline nearly 2%,First-time claims for state unemployment insurance fell from the previous week, coming below expectations.
The Fed has a big problem. It talks too much and it needs to stop,It's time for the Fed to taper forward guidance to reduce the often confusing "noise" and mixed signals, says Economist Samuel Rines.
US core capital goods orders post biggest drop in a year,New orders for key U.S.-made capital goods unexpectedly fell in October after three straight months of hefty gains.
US jobless claims fall after two straight weekly increases,The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell last week after two straight weekly increases.
Don't expect a raise xe2x80x94 CFOs tell CNBC the truth on the tax cuts,Tax reform is top of mind for CFOs this year, projecting a boost in economic growth but not necessarily in wages.
GOP plan will ultimately raise taxes on 50% of Americans, nonpartisan assessment says,A nonpartisan group said the Senate plan would leave half of taxpayers facing higher levies by 2027.
US existing home sales rise 2 percent, beat expectations,U.S. home sales increased more than expected in October as hurricane-related disruptions dissipated,
These are the 10 fastest growing jobs in the U.S.,These occupations are projected to grow as much as 105 percent in the next decade.
The prospect of corporate tax cuts has CEOs abandoning fears of the looming national debt disaster,In 2012, business leaders warned against the looming debt disaster. Now, with corporate tax cuts on the table, those concerns have been put aside.
The debt time bomb that keeps growing and now equals nearly half of US GDP,Corporate debt is equal to nearly half of U.S. GDP, and while not a problem now, a slump in the economy could turn it into a worry.
US credit access, financial fragility improve: Fed survey,Americans' access to credit improved while their perceived vulnerability to a financial shock declined, according to a New York Fed survey.
Take renewable energy over bitcoin if you want to make a risky bet on the future,The market's hyper focus on bitcoin is causing investors to miss a much better long-term bet on global transformation: renewable energy.
The true cost of opioid epidemic tops $500 billion, White House says,The White House says the true cost of the opioid drug epidemic in 2015 was $504 billion, or roughly half a trillion dollars.
Congress is counting on America having 'amnesia' about Reagan's 'voodoo,' Yale expert says,Congress is counting on America having "amnesia" about Ronald Reagan's "voodoo economics" for tax cut backing, a Yale expert said Friday.
Contrary to Trump tweet, Senator Flake still undecided on tax bill,U.S. President Donald Trump predicted that Sen. Jeff Flake will oppose the GOP tax bill, but the senator's office says he has not yet made up his mind.
Mnuchin says only 'million dollar' earners will pay higher taxesxe2x80x94Tax Policy Center and others show otherwise,The GOP tax plan will place a higher burden on those who earn $1 million but provide a break to everyone else, Mnuchin says.
US housing starts surge to one-year high; permits up,U.S. home building jumped to a one-year high in October likely as disruptions caused by recent hurricanes in the South faded.
Treasury Secretary Mnuchin says he expects a GOP tax cut bill will be sent to Trump to sign by Christmas,"We're very excited about the timeline," Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin says.
Fed's Williams says December rate hike 'perfectly reasonable',San Francisco Fed President John Williams said the economy is growing strongly enough to continue raising rates gradually to around 2.5 percent.
Latest estimate shows Senate tax plan would leave low-income households with higher tax bills,The Senate's latest tax plan would lavish billions on the wealthiest Americans but leave those at the bottom with higher taxes.
Federal Reserve president says country needs more immigration to save economy,The economy faces higher deficits, lower benefits and near-zero interest rates unless Congress acts, the Fed's Loretta Mester says.
Top Trump advisor Cohn says tax reform has to get done this year,Gary Cohn also says President Trump will push harder to make sure Congress understands the urgency.
Here's how the White House wants the GOP to talk about tax reform,The White House releases its first economic analysis of the GOP tax plan, projecting a windfall for workers.
Time is running out for NAFTA talks, set to be extended,Negotiators at talks to modernize NAFTA are running out of time and look set to extend the remaining rounds in a bid to meet an end-year deadline.
Fed's Rosengren sees three to four rate hikes next year,The Fed will probably need to raise interest rates in December and then three or four times "over the course of next year," Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren said.
Fed's Rosengren warned 'large policy mistakes' could come from setting a specific rule for setting policy,Forcing the Fed to hew to a specific rule for setting monetary policy could lead to "large policy mistakes," a U.S. central banker argued.
US retail sales bounce back from August, highest in 2 xc2xbd years,U.S. retail sales were lower than expected in September but recovered from the prior month's 0.2 percent slide.
Soaring gas prices boost consumer prices, but inflation remains muted,U.S. consumer prices recorded their biggest increase in eight months in September as gasoline prices soared.
US hikes tensions in NAFTA talks with call for 'sunset clause',Washington increased tensions in talks to renew the North American Free Trade Agreement by proposing any new deal be limited to five years.
Older, sicker Americans will foot the bill for Trumpxe2x80x99s healthcare orders,That makes Trump's orders a regulatory means of achieving what Obamacare did in 2010: redistributing income from one group of Americans to another.
Stocks are 'fully priced' at these levels, Boston Fed president says,Boston Fed President Eric Rosengren told CNBC's "Closing Bell" on Thursday he thinks stocks are "fully priced."
Mnuchin: We can't have federal government keep subsidizing states,Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin also says the administration won't budge on the proposed cut in the corporate tax rate to 20 percent.
This should be the GOP's priority for tax reform,Here's what Republicans should prioritize when it comes to tax reform, Jeffrey Dorfman writes in the National Review.
Jamie Dimon: I will hire more workers if Trump's tax reform passes,Over time, JPMorgan Chase will be "boosting jobs and wages more than we otherwise would have" if corporate taxes are cut, CEO said.
House budget chair: Economic growth 'will be larger' than 2.6% because of tax overhaul,Rep. Diane Black says the House got that number with data from the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office and economists.
Trump: We can't keep helping battered Puerto Rico 'forever',"Shame on you!" the mayor of San Juan tweets after President Trump partly blames Puerto Rico's hurricane devastation on the island itself.
General Motors plans to temporarily shut down Detroit factory over slow demand, report says,General Motors will temporarily close a Detroit factory over slow sales, The Wall Street Journal reported Thursday, citing unnamed sources.
Trump wants to reproduce Reagan's tax reform win, but he's missing all the key ingredients,Tax reform is never easy, which is why it hasn't happened since 1986. But it's harder in 2017 for two fundamental reasons.
AI will obliterate half of all jobs, starting with white collar, says ex-Google China president,Everyone needs to rethink the practical and social impact of fewer jobs in the future, Kai-Fu Lee says.
Trump calls for major last-minute changes to GOP tax plans,Trump wants GOP lawmakers to repeal the Obamacare individual mandate to further cut taxes for high-income Americans.
Itxe2x80x99s time to kill the tax that gave us marriage equality, says Log Cabin Republicans president,The death tax compelled the federal government to recognize same-sex unions. Now it's time to kill it, says Gregory T. Angelo.
The 'second-most' important job at the Fed will soon be vacant. Here's who may get it,Replacing New York Fed President Bill Dudley may be one of the most controversial Fed appointments in recent memory.
Harker eyes inflation, stands by Fed rate hike next month,A Fed official said he expects to back an interest rate hike next month despite caution over the low-inflation "conundrum."
Hundreds of millionaires are banding together to tell Congress: Raise our taxes,Over 400 wealthy Americans are reportedly sending a letter to Congress asking for a tax hike on the rich.
Bill Gates, Jeff Bezos, Warren Buffett have more wealth than half the population of the US combined,A new report from the Institute for Policy Studies highlights the extreme inequality in America.
Dick Bove: How 2 plans brewing in Washington could crush home prices, boost banks,Washington is becoming more hostile to homeowners, which could have devastating consequences, says equity research analyst Dick Bove.
Goldman Sachs CEO: China's economy will surpass the US, and by one measure it already has,On "purchasing power," China has already topped the U.S. economy, Lloyd Blankfein says.
GOP Sen. John Thune: We have a different 'structure' than the House tax plan,But Thune says the highlights of the Senate plan will be similar to House bill.
Gary Cohn: Trickle-down is good for the economy,With the tax-cut plan, Gary Cohn says, "we're trying to solve [problems] for middle-income, hardworking families."
Gary Cohn: A year ago, I was advising companies to move out of the US,CEOs are the group most excited by the prospect of the tax reform, Gary Cohn says.
Trump says the US is open to bilateral Canada, Mexico pacts if trade deal talks fail,U.S. President Donald Trump said he was open to bilateral trade pacts with either Canada or Mexico if a three-way deal cannot be reached.
US House to vote on $36.5 billion disaster relief package,The House is expected to approve $36.5 billion in emergency relief for hurricane-hit areas as well as California, struck by devastating wildfires.
US jobless claims fall to more than one-month low,The number of Americans filing for benefits fell to more than a one-month low last week as claims in Texas and Florida continued to decline.
Trump claims $250 billion China trade 'miracle' xe2x80x94 whether those deals live up to the lofty price tag is under question,President Donald Trump can return to the U.S. claiming to have snagged over $250 billion in deals from his maiden trip to Beijing.
Gradual rate hikes in the US are the best option, says Fed's Mester,A gradual increase in interest rates is the best way to deal with inflation and support the U.S. economy, Loretta Mester, president and CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland, told CNBC Thursday.
Senate panel sets Nov. 28 confirmation hearing for Fed chair nominee Powell,The U.S. Senate Banking Committee will hold a confirmation hearing for Federal Reserve chairman nominee Jerome Powell on Nov. 28.
Jobless claims rise more than expected as the hurricane backlog clears,The number of Americans filing for benefits rose more than expected last week, suggesting that claims processing disrupted by recent hurricanes has begun to improve.
GOP tax cut plan would add $1.7 trillion to the deficit, CBO projects,Under the GOP tax plan, U.S. debt would rise to 97.1 percent of GDP, according to the CBO.
Why the housing market got no Trump bump,A look at why the U.S. housing market has not rallied as much as the stock market.
Fed Governor Quarles on regulations: 'We ought to be taking a fresh look at everything',Quarles is President Donald Trump's first appointment to the Federal Reserve board and was confirmed Oct. 5.
GOP tax cuts will not pay for themselves, add 'significantly' to US debt: Fitch report,Fitch says the GOP tax cuts may lead to only a "short-term" boost in economic output.
US third quarter productivity fastest in three years,U.S. worker productivity increased at its fastest pace in three years, holding down labor costs, but the trend in productivity growth remained moderate.
Private-sector job growth booms in October, with construction jobs surging in the wake of destructive hurricanes,The number of private sector jobs created in October rose more than expected, despite the impact of destructive hurricanes.rnrn
Gah! The GOP is following the same strategy on taxes that doomed Obamacare repeal,The GOP is trying a secretive strategy once againxe2x80x94this time on tax reform, Vox's Tara Golshan says. Will it work this time?
Strength in numbers could help California in massive rebuilding effort after wildfire disaster,Thousands of homes lost in the California wildfires could get built using a mass-production approach, saving costs and time, executives say.
Cramer warns that Trump and GOP leaders have not thought through their tax plan,"You have all these rigid Republicans in the House whom I think are going to veto anything that doesn't have something to pay for it," Jim Cramer says.
Service sector index eases from historic highs, construction spending posts surprise increase,Manufacturing economic activity eased in October after two months of momentum.
Top House GOP tax writers delay their reform bill until Thursday for a 'few finishing touches',House Republicans, in consultation with President Trump, have decided to postpone the release of their tax bill by one day.
Weekly mortgage applications fall 2.6% as rates move even higher,Interest rates on home loans moved higher again last week, causing homebuyers and homeowners to back away from the mortgage market.
US consumer spending posts largest gain since 2009,U.S. personal income rose 0.4 percent in September, up from the 0.2 percent increase reported for the previous month.
House Republicans reportedly considering phasing in corporate tax-rate reduction,Republicans are considering phasing in a corporate tax-rate reduction in the House tax reform plan, according to a Bloomberg News report.
A new survey shows high home prices are hitting first-time buyers harder than ever,Home sales to first-time buyers fell to 34 percent in 2017, down from 35 percent in 2016, according to NAR data.
Trump tax overhaul under intensifying fire as Congress readies bill,President Donald Trump's plan for overhauling the U.S. tax system faced growing opposition from interest groups on Sunday.
New White House report predicts corporate tax cuts will boost GDP by 3 to 5 percent,The report from the Council of Economic Advisers predicts that there will be even more growth once individual tax cuts are factored in.
The Fed and the ECB: Moving at different speeds in the same direction,There are no urgent problems calling for a precipitous new Fed course, and there are still uncertainties, Michael Ivanovitch writes.
US economy grows 3 percent in the third quarter on inventories, trade,An increase in inventory investment and a smaller trade deficit offset a hurricane-related slowdown in consumer spending and a decline in construction.
One of Jeffrey Gundlachxe2x80x99s favorite indicators is pointing to solid global growth,The copper-gold ratio, a metric that is calculated by dividing the price of copper by the price of gold, is surging.
Trump is leaning toward Jay Powell for next Fed chair, but remains undecided: Source,Trump is getting closer to naming the next Federal Reserve chair, with sources saying the pick is going to be Fed Governor Jay Powell.rn
Consumer sentiment ticks down after hitting 7-month highs earlier in October,Consumer confidence was expected to hit 100.9 in October.
US economy likely slowed by hurricanes in the third quarter,U.S. economic growth probably slowed in the third quarter as hurricanes Harvey and Irma restrained consumer spending and undercut construction activity.
Trump apparently is having a hard time making up his mind for Fed chair,President Trump apparently has solidified his thinking and is now choosing between Jay Powell and Stanford economist John Taylor.
Rates are jumping as jobs report showed hidden signs of inflation,U.S. government debt yields rose Friday, as investors received their first sign that inflation may be on the rise in the latest jobs report.
US wholesale inventories post biggest gain in 9 months,U.S. wholesale inventories were expected to rise by 1 percent in August.
Treasury recommends looser financial market controls to encourage growth,The Treasury issued a report that laid out guidelines for loosening regulation in order to encourage growth of U.S. capital markets.
Jobs fall by 33,000 in September as hurricanes hammer employment,Economists surveyed by Reuters expected payroll growth of 90,000 in September, versus the initially reported 156,000 in August.
Fed's Kaplan: I'm still open to Dec rate hike despite really weak Sept jobs report,Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan says he's "open minded" about an interest rate hike in December, but he's "not there yet."
Quarles confirmed as Fed member; likely to go easier on banks,Quarles will take over as overseer of the U.S. banking system, filling the role Daniel Tarullo had before he resigned in April.
Fed's Harker: Economy still stuck in 2 percent growth until tax reform happens,Despite his views on tepid growth ahead, Patrick Harker still believes the Fed should enact a rate hike this year.
US won't be able to pay down debt until growth hits 4% again, says GOP policy chair,"Our number one target in these tax cuts should be what's the path to 4 percent growth," Rep. Luke Messer says.
US factory orders rise; core capital goods orders revised higher,The data suggested robust business spending could help offset some of the economic drag of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma.
US jobless claims fall; trade deficit narrows on strong exports,Hurricanes Harvey and Irma continued to impact the data, however, making it difficult to get a clear picture of the labor market.
Plans for job cuts decline 27 percent from last year; retail leads year to date: Challenger report,The Challenger report says the year-to-date figure for the third quarter was the lowest since 1996.rn
Hurricanes stunt job growth as payrolls increase at lowest level in 11 months,Private payrolls grew by 135,000 for the month, a sharp decline from the 228,000 in August, according to ADP and Moody's Analytics.
American optimism about the economy hits an all-time high in new CNBC survey,The CNBC All-America Economic Survey found 43 percent of the public believes the economy is excellent or good, a record high for the survey.
Hurricane disruptions could really slam Friday's government jobs data, says Barclays economist,"The Fed has already signaled the data is going to be noisy and they expect some weakness," Michael Gapen says.
Trump vows to wipe out Puerto Ricoxe2x80x99s debt, but can he really do that?,President Trump raised a prospect of making Puerto Rico's debt go away. It's far from clear whether he can to do that.
Mortgage demand stalls along with rates and sales,Mortgage application volume slipped 0.4 percent last week, the Mortgage Bankers Association says.
Trump says Puerto Rico's debt will have to be wiped out,In an interview with Fox News, President Donald Trump said that Puerto Rico's debt will have to wiped out.
'Bond King' Gundlach believes Trump will pick 'easy money guy' Neel Kashkari for next Fed chief,The CEO of DoubleLine Capital spoke at Vanity Fair New Establishment Summit in Los Angeles Tuesday.
Fed's Yellen says AIG's threat to the financial system's stability is lower after downsizing,AIG poses less of a threat to financial stability because it shrank its assets by more than $500 billion, Fed Chair Janet Yellen said.
Stressed retail industry plunging deeper into junk territory, S&P; says,The percentage of U.S. retailers with high-risk CCC ratings has doubled since the beginning of the year, according to a new report by S&P.;rn
Home builder confidence hits 8-month high in November,Home builder confidence rises as builders see more sales and increased buyer traffic.
Morgan Stanley CEO: GOP plan for 20% corporate rate would stimulate the economy,U.S. corporate taxes within the 20 percent range would be a plus for the economy, said Morgan Stanley's James Gorman.rn
US weekly jobless claims unexpectedly rise,The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits unexpectedly rose last week.
US import prices rise less than expected in October,Import prices rose less than expected in October as an increase in the cost of imported petroleum and capital goods was offset by a decline in food prices.
Sen. Ron Johnson says he wants to fix the GOP tax bill so he can change his 'no' vote to a 'yes',"In the current form, I wouldn't vote for it," the Wisconsin Republican says.
US industrial production jumped in Oct as the hurricanes' impact was revised downward,Economists polled by Reuters expected industrial output to increase 0.5 percent in October.
Moderate Sen. Susan Collins is back in a prominent role in the Senate tax drama,Sen. Collins is back in the spotlight as a swing vote in the Senate as she questions combining a Republican tax-cut plan with a partial repeal of Obamacare.
Beer, booze and a Harvey Weinstein tax make it into the latest Senate tax overhaul plan,Sex and booze made it into the congressional battle over taxes in a late-night revision.
CEOs raise doubts about Gary Cohn's top argument for cutting corporate taxes right in front of him,Business leaders called into question one of Cohn's top arguments for slashing the corporate tax rate to 20 percent.
The Senate's tweaked tax plan makes individual cuts temporary and corporate cuts permanent,The amended Senate Republican tax plan makes most individual tax changes temporary but makes a corporate reduction permanent.
US consumer prices rise marginally, core CPI firming,U.S. consumer prices barely rose in October as the boost to gasoline prices from hurricane-related disruptions to Gulf Coast oil refineries were unwound.
Paul Ryan: Senate will have to take lead on scrapping Obamacare individual mandate in the tax bill,House Speaker Paul Ryan notes that his members have voted to get rid of the individual mandate in the past.
US retail sales unexpectedly rise on automobile purchases,Sales unexpectedly rose in October as an increase in purchases of motor vehicles and a range of other goods offset a decline in demand for building materials.
The Fed doesn't understand what's happening to a key economic model, Fed's Evans says,There's one key economic model that the Federal Reserve has struggled to understand, Charles Evans, the president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Chicago, told CNBC on Wednesday.
Technology is invading nearly all US jobs, even lower-skilled occupations,The use of digital tools has increased in 517 of 545 occupations since 2002, with a striking uptick in many lower-skilled occupations, according to a study.
Mortgage applications rise as rates briefly fall back,Homeowners took advantage of a pullback in interest rates at the beginning of last week, the Mortgage Bankers Association says in its weekly report.
Top central bankers vow to talk investors out of easy money,Four of the world's top central bankers promised to keep guiding investors about future policy moves as they slowly withdraw extraordinary monetary stimulus.
Services boost US producer prices, while underlying inflation is firming,U.S. producer prices rose more than expected in October, and there were also signs of steady increases in underlying wholesale inflation.
Janet Yellen admits the Fed can be confusing the public with its many voices,Janet Yellen says one of the challenges for the Fed is how its multiple members communicate with the public.
Silicon Valley is freaking out about this provision in the Senate tax bill regarding stock options,Start-ups are worried about one part of the Senate's tax reform proposal that would hurt their ability to compete.
President Trump just claimed stock market gains actually offset national debt. They don't,The president claimed that rising market capitalization meant that "maybe in a sense, we're reducing debt."
Trump promises to lower taxes for truckers xe2x80x94 and get rid of potholes, too,President Donald Trump makes lofty pledges about the Republican tax plan's benefits.
Powell odds-on favorite for Fed chair amid report Mnuchin is pushing for him,Powell, a current Fed governor, is now the leading contender for the job, according to a prediction website.
Fed's Evans favors gradual approach to monetary normalization,The Fed should adopt a gradual approach to normalizing its expansive monetary policy, U.S. central banker Charles Evans said on Wednesday.
Three quarters of Americans favor higher taxes for wealthy: Poll,Some three-quarters of Americans believe the wealthiest should pay more, Reuters/Ipsos polling shows.
Mortgage applications drop 2.1% as interest rates hit highest level since July,Most of the drop stemmed from a continued reduction in refinance activity, but applications to purchase a home also fell.
Fed's Kaplan says he is keeping an open mind on US rate hikes,Dallas Fed's Robert Kaplan said he will be looking for more signs of upward inflation as he weighs potential interest-rate hikes.
US small-cap firms look to spend tax savings on tech, not jobs,Small businesses say they expected to spend their tax savings on technology that will allow them to improve productivity or make acquisitions rather than hire more workers.
The GOPxe2x80x99s tax reform Bermuda Triangle,The Republican party's three goals on tax reform are totally incompatible, Vox reports.
Exuberance near a 40-year high, but no telling how long it will last,Signs are used by the bulls to justify their view that confidence in the economy and market is the driving force, not overvaluation.
Renters think the housing market is finally loosening up, fueling a sudden optimism among homebuyers,There has been a sudden burst of optimism among potential homebuyers in a monthly sentiment survey from Fannie Mae.
Ivanka Trump could help Republicans actually cut taxes for the middle class,Ivanka Trump is the most influential supporter of expanding the child tax credit in the White House.
10 reasons why the US economy is actually in great shape,Here are 10 more pieces of good economic news you may have missed amid all the big, important stories happening around the world right now.
Sen. Corker-Trump sparring match increases reservations about tax reform, Art Cashin says,"But we never have a weekend without a surprise out of Washington," Art Cashin says.
The economy is humming, and bankers are cheering xe2x80x94 but donxe2x80x99t uncork the champagne yet,From Wall Street to Washington, economists have been upgrading their forecasts for the global economy this year, N.Y. Times reports.
Like 'family farms,' mom-and-pop businesses propel tax cuts for the rich,The pass-through tax break in the Republican plan could be three times as costly as elimination of the estate tax.
US economist Richard Thaler wins Nobel economics prize,U.S. economist Richard Thaler won the 2017 Nobel Economics Prize for his contributions in the field of behavioral economics.
Front-runners to replace Yellen have too much Wall Street in their past,Why the two front-runners to replace Fed chair Janet Yellen would be bad for the economy.
Grover Norquist: Corker is a 'grown up' xe2x80x94 he can fight with Trump but support tax cut,"He's a serious guy in terms of wanting economic growth," anti-tax crusader Grover Norquist says of Sen. Bob Corker.
If DACA killed, the US can lose $433 billion over the next 10 years,The end of DACA could hurt the US economy. Experts say the loss of DACA workers would reduce GDP by $433 billion over the next 10 years.
Larry Summers: Defenders of Trumpxe2x80x99s tax plan are still using fuzzy math,The idea that corporate tax cuts could generate a $4000 to $9000 raise for workers is indefensible, says Larry Summers.
Economists see pickup in business after third-quarter pause,Business wasn't great during the third quarter, but things should pick up again through the rest of the year, according a survey of business economists.
Wall Street expects Powell but still wants Yellen as next Fed chair,While the CNBC Fed Survey says nearly half expect Trump to nominate Jay Powell, Wall Street thinks he should name Yellen.
Rebound in Houston home sales fuels uptick nationally,Houston area sales rose 4 percent in September from the prior year, after plummeting nearly 24 percent in August.
Senate passes a budget, moving the GOP closer to tax reform,Senators will now have to reconcile their budget resolution with a starkly different one passed by the House.
Trump's apparent favorite to run the Fed is a safe bet unlikely to rock markets,Reports that President Trump is leaning toward Fed governor Jerome Powell to be the next Fed chair sent buyers into stocks and bonds.
4 wildest stunts for Amazon's second headquarters: Cities compete for 50,000 jobs,To court Amazon's second headquarters, some cities got downright wacky with their efforts, USA Today reports.
GOP Sen. Jeff Flake: Budget deal is 'in the bag' but tax reform is still a question,"Whether or not we can get to tax reform, we're going to see over the next couple of months," Flake says.
US jobless claims drop to a more than 44-year low,The number of Americans filing for benefits fell to its lowest level in more than 44 years last week, pointing to a rebound in job growth.
Senate is poised to make crucial vote on the budget to make way for tax reform,Senate Republicans are poised to approve a budget measure that would help them pass tax legislation without Democratic support.
'It's very hard not to give tax cuts to the wealthy,' Steven Mnuchin now says,The Trump administration has now completed wholesale repeal of the "Mnuchin Rule."
'The housing market can't take the shock of a natural event,' real estate economist warns,Given the acute construction labor shortage, reconstruction and its repercussions in residential real estate could be yet another disaster.
Rising seas threaten nearly $1 trillion worth of US homes, says Zillow,More than $900 billion worth of U.S. residential real estate could be lost, a new report says.
The same federal lawmakers who regulate Amazon are wooing the company in the race for HQ2,Democrats and Republicans in Congress are warring to snag the jobs and investment that might come from HQ2, Recode reports.
Canada, Mexico to firmly reject US NAFTA proposals but will offer to keep negotiations going: Sources,Canada and Mexico will not walk away from the NAFTA negotiating table, despite an outright rejection of the U.S. demands.
US housing starts hit one-year low; building permits tumble,U.S. homebuilding fell to a one-year low in September as Hurricanes Harvey and Irma disrupted the construction of single-family homes in the South.
Larry Summers: Hassett's analysis of the Trump tax plan is 'dishonest, incompetent and absurd',Hassett's claim that cutting the corporate tax rate to 20 per cent would raise wages by $4,000 per worker is absurd, says Larry Summers.
Homebuilder confidence jumps to 6-month high in October,After a hurricane-induced dip, confidence among U.S. homebuilders increased more than expected in October.
Trump to interview Yellen about Fed chair appointment this week,If the president appoints Yellen to another term as the nation's top central banker, it will be a sharp turn from his prior stance.
Horse race for Fed chair pits Warsh against mentor and brings Yellen back,Now with no clear winner in sight, markets see a tight horse race shaping up for the Fed chairmanship.
House narrowly passes budget, clearing the way for tax reform,The vote triggered a window in which the GOP-controlled Senate can use reconciliation to sweeping a tax-reform bill with a simple majority.
Pending home sales drop to lowest in nearly 3 years,Last month's reading was revised down, putting the index at its lowest level since January 2015.
California begins 'historic cleanup' from fires but faces serious hurdles in rebuilding,California is pulling out all stops to help with wildfire recovery, although it could take years to rebuild homes and businesses.
The Fed chair contest is Trump's version of 'The Bachelor',President Donald Trump has turned his selection of a Federal Reserve chair into a version of 'The Bachelor,' Politico's Ben White says.
Sen. Bob Corker: Criticism of Trump will 'absolutely not' affect my tax-reform vote,xefxbbxbfxefxbbxbfSen. Bob Corker says he's "all in" on tax reform but says he still does not want to add to the deficit.
Larry Summers: Here's what I would put in a tax-reform plan,Former Treasury Secretary Larry Summers has been sharply critical of the Trump tax plan. Here, he outlines what he would support in a tax-reform plan.
Sen. Corker: Some of the 'ridiculous' things in tax reform are just 'buying off' special interests,"Some of the things we're doing xe2x80x94 I'm sorry xe2x80x94 are ridiculous," the Tennessee Republican says.
Weekly US jobless claims rose less than expected as the labor market continued to tighten,The number of Americans filing for benefits increased less than expected last week, suggesting the labor market continued to tighten after recent hurricane-related disruptions.
Get ready for a 'substantial' slowdown in the US economy, investment bank predicts,One investment bank is urging investors to prepare for the U.S. economy to "slow down substantially" as early as 2018.
Modest slowdown in Las Vegas seen in October, especially from VIP travelers,A modest slowdown in high-end Asian travelers to Las Vegas is showing up in early business trends for October.rnrn
Mortgage applications fall 4.6% as rates rise,The drop affected all types of applications last week, but mortgages to purchase a home fell the hardest, 6 percent.
Business spending and orders for long-lasting factory goods were robust in September,Orders for long-lasting factory goods were forecast to rise 1 percent in September.
New home sales surge 18.9 percent in September, highest level in 10 years,New home sales were expected to fall further in September after unexpectedly sinking in August.
Goldman: US economy to flounder while rest of globe booms,The firm identified 50 stocks best suited to thrive in that environment.
The deficit is projected to pass $1 trillion in only two more years,The federal deficit could break $1 trillion by 2020, two years sooner than government projections, according to a Goldman Sachs analysis.
Speaker Paul Ryan wants the House to pass a tax bill by Thanksgiving,Ryan does not think President Trump's feud with Sen. Bob Corker will derail the tax reform effort.
The real stakes in the tax reform debate,Donald Trump and Congressional Republicans believe that tax cuts for the very rich will be a boon to the whole economy, Vox reports.
GOP tax bill slashes taxes on Main Street: Can it keep the American dream alive?,Small-business owners speak out on the tax reforms they need as they review the tax bill released by the GOP on Thursday.
Online retailers like Amazon are breathing new life xe2x80x94 and jobs xe2x80x94 into some small towns,Vast warehouses are being built, fueling a demand for lower-skilled workers and reviving areas that once relied on manufacturing, N.Y. Times reports.
Trump's shiny tax-cut plan has a $1.5 trillion problem,Congress is speeding toward a budget plan that lets the government collect $1.5 trillion less revenue for the next 10 years.
Dallas Fed president says US needs more immigrants to fill open jobs,The U.S. will need immigrants and a sensible trade policy if it's going to achieve breakout growth, Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan says.
Most Americans live paycheck to paycheck,Three in four workers say they are in debt today, and many of them believe they always will be.
Fed's George pushes for more rate hikes despite low inflation,Low inflation shouldn't stop the Fed from continuing to hike rates, Kansas City Fed President Esther George tells CNBC.
At Jackson Hole, the death of an economic model may concern central bankers,As central bankers gather at the annual Jackson Hole symposium on Friday, analysts think the death of a major economic concept could dominate discussions.
US jobless claims rise slightly as labor market tightens,The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits rose less than expected last week, suggesting a further tightening in labor market conditions.
Herexe2x80x99s why new home sales tanked,Newly built homes are more expensive than they've ever been before. That's why sales are suffering.
It's not all on Mitch McConnell to get tax reform done, anti-tax activist Grover Norquist says,The White House, Steven Mnuchin and Gary Cohn want a pro-growth deal, says the founder of Americans for Tax Reform.
Mortgage volume stuck for second straight week, but jumbo loans get cheaper,Both homeowners and homebuyers seem unimpressed by the lowest mortgage interest rates of the year.
Steve Bannonxe2x80x99s 'economic nationalism' is total nonsense,Trump recognized that  Steve Bannon's anti-globalization economic agenda would never happen, says Vox's Matthew Yglesias.
Hispanic consumers spending less because of lingering fears over Trump's immigration policy,The Trump administration's crackdown on immigration is likely responsible for a slowdown in Hispanics' spending, says Jefferies.
Cramer: McConnell's comment on the debt ceiling an 'underpinning for a potential rally',"I think McConnell is trustworthy on this issue," Jim Cramer says.
Mitch McConnell: 'Zero chance' US fails to raise the debt ceiling,Mitch McConnell on Monday insisted the U.S. government will raise the debt ceiling and avoid defaulting on its debt.
Ray Dalio: US most divided socially and economically since 1937,Dalio compared the current climate to 1937, as Hitler rallied Germans and the U.S. plunged further into the economic abyss.
Housing recovery suffers, but don't blame the millennials,The housing recovery is suffering partly because baby boomers aren't downsizing as they used to xe2x80x94 it's getting too expensive.
Go ahead and watch the eclipse! Youxe2x80x99re not going to cause a productivity crisis.,The U.S. economy can handle March Madness. It can definitely deal with Mondayxe2x80x99s momentary darkness, Recode reports.
Trump woes will delay agenda by 6 to 12 months, if he's lucky, strategist Mark Grant says,"I think that's a deterrent for the overall markets," strategist Mark Grant says.
What Wall Street is watching this week: Trump, the Fed and the eclipse,Bannon's out. Wall Street is finally paying attention! Plus, good times at Jackson Hole. And, are eclipses good for the market?
Consumer sentiment rises to highest level since January,The consumer sentiment index rose to 97.6 in August, in a survey of consumers by The University of Michigan.
US factory output slips in July on tumbling auto production,U.S. factory output fell in July, pulled down by tumbling auto production.
US jobless claims fall to near six-month low,The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell to near a six-month low last week.
Trump's fixation on slashing the corporate tax rate to 15% shows he doesn't understand Congress,Trump says he still wants to get to a 15 percent top corporate tax rate even though no one thinks that's possible, Politico's Ben White says.
Stanley Fischer stepping down from Fed, citing 'personal reasons',Fed Vice Chairman Stanley Fischer's decision to step down creates another opening at the central bank for President Trump to fill.
ISM nonmanufacturing index 55.3 in August as expected,Nonmanufacturing economic activity in August matched expectations.
Trump again calls America 'the highest taxed nation in the world'xe2x80x94here's how the US compares,The facts don't bear him out.
US trade gap edges up, while deficit with China is at an 11-month high,The U.S. trade deficit increased less than expected in July as both exports and imports fell, suggesting that trade could contribute to economic growth in the third quarter.rnrn
Fed policymakers signal caution on inflation, rate hikes,The Fed is getting more dovish in the face of weak inflation data, reducing the likelihood of a third rate hike this year, which traders already see as very unlikely.
Houston quickens pace of Harvey recovery as new storm threatens US,Houston area residents picked up the pace of their recovery from Hurricane Harvey, jamming roads as they returned to offices and schools to help get back on track.
A key Fed official just admitted the central bank got inflation wrong and so it may delay a hike,A Fed governor suggests the central bank will make an important shift in how it will approach rate hikes.
Moody's: If the US defaults, it won't regain its top-notch debt rating,Moody's Investors Service said it would strip the U.S. of its top-notch rating if a default such as a missed debt payment were to happen and it would not regain the Aaa-status even if the default were resolved.
Fed's Brainard says US should be cautious about raising rates when inflation is low,Lael Brainard is a member of the U.S. Federal Reserve's Board of Governors and a voting member of the Fed's policy-setting committee.
US producer prices post biggest drop in 11 months,U.S. producer prices unexpectedly fell in July, recording their biggest drop in nearly a year, weighed down by declining costs for services and energy products.
Unemployment claims higher than expected as labor market continues to tighten,Initial claims for state unemployment benefits increased 3,000 to a seasonally adjusted 244,000 for the week ended August 5.
US productivity jumps in the second quarter, while labor costs softened,U.S. worker productivity rose more than expected in the second quarter but the trend remained weak, suggesting that robust economic growth could remain elusive.
Job openings hit record high in June at 6.2 million,The number of openings was at 6.2 million on the last business day of the month, the report from the Labor Department said.
A cafe in Australia is charging an 18% 'man tax'xe2x80x94 here's what that would look like in the US,"Men will be charged an 18 percent premium to reflect the pay gap."
The US government is about to redefine which Americans are rich xe2x80x94 again,Before lawmakers can decide how much to tax the rich, they have to figure out who falls into that category.
Goldman sees unemployment below 4%, job market getting so good it could 'overshoot',Goldman Sachs economists say the outlook for jobs is better than they thought, and unemployment could go as low as 3.8 percent next year.
US demands on auto manufacturing loom as an obstacle in Canada-Mexico trade talks,U.S.-specific automotive content requirements are emerging as a major obstacle to a deal on NAFTA, auto industry lobbyists said.
Congress is facing critical tests, including the debt limit extension,Hurricane Harvey devastated Texas, but could bring some fiscal order to Washington.
Donxe2x80x99t be fooled by lower-than-expected August jobs growth,August's jobs growth came in lower-than-expected. Here's what you really need to know about the jobs report, says Economist Mark Zandi.
Growth in legal immigration needed to help labor force, JPMorgan strategist says,"We have a labor force problem," strategist David Kelly tells CNBC.
Cohn: Simplifying the tax code will tax the wealthy at a higher rate,Chief White House economic advisor Gary Cohn rejected arguments that the administration's tax plan will benefit the wealthy most.rnrn
Construction spending falls to 9-month low, ISM manufacturing index continued to expand,The U.S. manufacturing index registered 58.8 in August, up from 56.3 in July.
This Trump policy will damage the economy, says former Bush official,The Trump administrationxe2x80x99s efforts to tighten import restrictions on behalf of favored industries will harm economic growth, says former Bush trade official Daniel Pearson.
Payrolls increase 156,000 in August as job creation cools,Economists surveyed by Reuters had been expecting payrolls to grow by 180,000 in August and the unemployment rate to hold steady at 4.3 percent.
Hurricane Harvey will likely be most expensive natural disaster in US history: AccuWeather,Hurricane Harvey will wind up costing more than Katrina and Sandy combined, AccuWeather predicts.
Why housing is the xe2x80x98one concernxe2x80x99 among a bounty of positive economic indicators,Housing appears to be a blemish on an overall strong economic backdrop.
Canadians may pay more taxes than Americans, but here's what they get for their money,The real difference isn't what citizens pay, it's what citizens get.
Herexe2x80x99s why US economic growth could wither this year,Several signs are pointing to soft earnings and economic growth, according to Gina Sanchez, CEO of Chantico Global.
Economy adds 209,000 more jobs in July, unemployment rate at 16-year low,Nonfarm payrolls were expected to have increased by 183,000 last month after surging 222,000 in June, according to a Reuters survey of economists.
US trade deficit narrows as exports hit 2-1/2-year high,The U.S. trade deficit fell sharply in June as exports increased to their highest level in 2-1/2 years, a positive development for the economy.
Reading of US small-business hiring in July nears 18-year high,Job creation among small businesses picked up in July, a National Federation of Independent Business report showed on Thursday.
Service sector grows slower than expected in July,Non-manufacturing economic activity was expected to reflect strength in July.
US jobless claims fall as labor market tightens further,The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell last week, pointing to a tightening labor market.
US planned layoffs fall, while hiring picks up in July: Challenger,The number of planned layoffs at U.S. companies dropped in July to its lowest since November while job-opening announcements notched up.
Trump supports immigration bill that could have negative impact on his own agenda,Immigrants are responsible for nearly half the population growth of the United States and are also a sizable part of the labor force growth.
The Fed's about to try something that almost always has ended in recession,The Fed has embarked on six such efforts in the past xe2x80x94 in 1921-1922, 1928-1930, 1937, 1941, 1948-1950 and 2000. Five ended in recession,
'High-gear' US 'job machine' adds 178,000 jobs in July: ADP,Companies added 178,000 jobs on a surge in services and despite a decrease in manufacturing, according to a ADP and Moody's Analytics.
Democrats call for harsh new punishments on companies that outsource jobs,Democrats look to reboot economic policy ahead of midterm elections by proposing tax penalties on firms that outsource jobs abroad among other measures.
Summer's hot hiring may be slowing despite a strong annual increase, says LinkedIn,While hiring was 17.3 percent higher last month versus a year ago, seasonally adjusted hiring was 5.4 percent lower in July compared to June.
Plans to unwind banking regulation xe2x80x98very, very dangerous,xe2x80x99 says Fedxe2x80x99s Fischer,Leading Federal Reserve policymaker Stanley Fischer has hit out at plans to unwind banking regulation, brandishing it a xe2x80x9cterrible mistake.xe2x80x9d
Consumers are shopping, showing economy may be stronger than expected,July's strong retail sales relieved some of the fears that the real cause of low inflation is a weak consumer.
The real 'deep state' sabotage is happening at the Fed,Trump's economy is caught in the crossfire, and growing slower because of it, says Vox's Matt Yglesias.
US retail sales post biggest gain in seven months,U.S. retail sales recorded their biggest increase in seven months in July as consumers boosted purchases of motor vehicles as well as discretionary spending.
Ahead of NAFTA talks, a major Hispanic business leader says don't rip up the deal,Tearing up NAFTA "makes no sense whatsoever," U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce chief Javier Palomarez tells CNBC.rn
UPS CEO: Fix infrastructure because 5-minute delays can cost us $105 million per year,David Abney also made the case in a joint op-ed with rival FedEx CEO Frederick Smith in Sunday's Wall Street Journal.
Don't believe tax reform polls, Americans 'hungry for something better,' says top House GOP tax writer,The Texas congressman says the House, Senate and the Trump White House are united on taxes, unlike on health care.
Newly built homes skew ever richer,The cost of housing is rising at a fast clip, and nowhere is it more apparent than in the market for newly built homes.
US import prices rebound after two straight monthly declines,Import prices increased in July, driven by rising costs for petroleum products and food, but underlying imported inflation remained muted.
The next GOP hurdle: Many Americans aren't sure they even need tax reform,Republicans' plan to slash corporate taxes may not go down easily for Americans who believe businesses should pay their fair share.
US tax change proposals anger builders, real estate agents, charities,Industry groups and other sectors of society are gearing up to fight proposed changes to the personal income tax.
Trump to ramp up trade pressure on China with call for a probe into intellectual property,President Donald Trump will order his top trade adviser to determine whether to investigate Chinese trade practices that force U.S. firms operating in China to turn over intellectual property.
Average US gas prices jump 8 cents thanks to crude costs,The average price of a gallon of regular-grade gasoline jumped 8 cents nationally over the past three weeks, to $2.40.
Trump on collision course with the auto industry as Canada-Mexico trade talks start,The Trump administration has set a collision course with the auto industry as it launches renegotiations of the 23-year-old NAFTA trade pact this week.
Chinese state newspaper says Trump trade probe will xe2x80x98poisonxe2x80x99 relations,Trump's order to investigate supposedly unfair Chinese trade practices will "poison" relations between the two countries, a Chinese state-run newspaper said.
US consumer prices rise less than expected in July,U.S. consumer prices rose less than expected in July, pointing to benign inflation that could make the Fed cautious about raising interest rates again this year.
Despite the Amazon effect, here's how mom and pop stores are thriving on Main Street,Big-box retailers may be struggling, but local mom and pop stores are staying afloat, especially in ethnic neighborhoods.
US economic expansion to last another two years or more: Poll,The U.S. economic expansion will last at least another two years, according to a majority of economists polled by Reuters.
White House reportedly plans to release tax reform framework in September,The White House plans to release a brief document in early- to mid-September outlining a framework for overhauling the U.S. tax code.
Trump-backed immigration plan would cause GDP and jobs to slide, Wharton analysis says,A plan to slash legal immigration backed by President Donald Trump would cause U.S. GDP and jobs to dip over time, a Wharton analysis says.
Macy's to hire 80,000 workers for holidays, fewer than last year,Macy's will increase by 20 percent the number of workers it hires during the holiday shopping season to staff distribution and warehouses that support its online business.
Harold Hamm: The Trump boom may just be getting startedxe2x80x94growth could hit 4%,Congress needs to pass a meaningful tax cut to fuel the Trump economic boom, says Continental Resources CEO Harold Hamm.
US jobless claims fall, but impacted by Harvey and Irma,First-time claims for benefits were expected to total 300,000 in the most recent week, up from the 298,000 claims reported for the previous week.
US consumer prices accelerate in August,U.S. consumer prices accelerated in August amid a jump in the cost of gasoline and rents, signs of firming inflation that could allow further monetary policy tightening from the Federal Reserve this year.
Hurricanes Irma, Harvey will have a significant negative impact on third-quarter GDP growth,Economists are cutting their GDP growth estimates for the third quarter in the wake of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma.
Surging gasoline prices boosted inflation in August,U.S. producer prices rebounded in August, driven by a surge in the cost of gasoline, and there were also signs of a pickup in underlying producer inflation.
Harveyxe2x80x99s hit to mortgages could be four times worse than predictedxe2x80x94and then therexe2x80x99s Irma,As many as 300,000 borrowers could become delinquent on their loans when banks initiate foreclosure proceedings after Hurricane Harvey.
Let's not repeat Reagan and Bush tax cut mistakes, says top House tax-writing Democrat,Rep. Richard Neal says Bush's tax cuts benefited the wealthy and Reagan's left the U.S. with huge deficits.
The spaceport industry is booming in every corner of the US, from Alaska to Virginia,Ten spaceports are quietly driving the commercial space industry, and the FAA says half-dozen other locations "are knocking on the door."
Mortgage applications leap nearly 10% on lowest rates in almost a year,Homebuyers are clamoring to capitalize on the lowest interest rates in almost a year, driving mortgage application volume 9.9 percent higher.
Why Trump suspended an Obama administration wage gap initiative,Critics say the measure would have been costly and burdensome for employers.
Target plans to hire 100,000 workers for the 2017 holidays, up 40% from last year,Target also says it will hire 4,500 people at its distribution and fulfillment centers.
Trump urges Congress to 'move fast' on his tax reform plan,President Trump urges Congress to move fast on his tax reform plan.
Sen. McConnell says ending US debt ceiling would be challenging,Senate Republican leader Mitch McConnell voiced doubt on Tuesday that the U.S. debt ceiling would be eliminated permanently.
Mnuchin: Yellen being considered for Fed chair, but so are 'a lot of great people',Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said Janet Yellen is being considered to remain Fed chair, but there are a number of candidates.
Mnuchin hopes scrapping state deductions won't make some taxpayers owe more,Mnuchin says he hopes eliminating deductions for states like New York will get canceled out by cutting federal rates.
Florida Keys, airports partially re-open after Irma rips through state,Parts of the storm-ravaged Florida Keys will allow residents to return on Tuesday to survey damage from Hurricane Irma.
Mnuchin: The stock market is rallying because it believes Trump will 'create significant growth',Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said the stock market has rallied on expectations tax reform will pass.
This crime in the workplace is costing US businesses $50 billion a year,Employee theft places a heavy toll on US businesses. Hardest hit are small businesses, which are often unaware of internal perpetrators.
Trump will 'demand' increase in military budget as part of spending deal: Mnuchin,As President Trump works on a budget deal with Congress, a military spending increase appears to be a critical part of the negotiations.rnrn
Favorite to be next Fed chair believes central bank is a 'slave' to the stock market,Societe Generale's analyst said at a conference last week Kevin Warsh claimed current Fed policy is deeply flawed.
How the Trump tax plan will make 'most people better off,' Tax Foundation president says,While the Republican-led tax reform plan is short on details at this point, the head of a tax policy group called the plan "viable."
Kudlow: Trump has an incentive-packed tax plan like JFK and Reagan xe2x80x94 so don't blow it, GOP,Trump is pounding away on the themes of faster economic growth and more take-home pay, says Larry Kudlow.
House Speaker Paul Ryan on tax reform: 'We really can get this done this year',The process behind crafting tax reform was quite different than the failed efforts to repeal Obamacare, Ryan tells CNBC.
Cohn says tax cuts will be paid for by growth of 'substantially over 3%',Tax cuts Republicans proposed this week will be paid for through economic growth, chief White House economic advisor Gary Cohn tells CNBC.rnrn
Trump's tax plan will boost GDP, lift stocks and force a Fed rethink, RBC says,Economists at the Royal Bank of Canada gave an optimistic take on tax reform plans unveiled in the U.S.
US jobless claims increase more than expected,The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits rose more than expected last week, reflecting the lingering effects of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma.
US second-quarter GDP growth revised up to 3.1 percent,The final reading on second-quarter gross domestic product xe2x80x94 the broadest measure of the U.S. economy xe2x80x94 was expected to rise 3 percent.
The $5 TRILLION question for Trump tax plan: How to pay for it?,For President Donald Trump and Republican congressional leaders, that is the mostly unanswered $5,800,000,000,000 question.
Wealthy financiers could gain from Trump's proposed tax cut for small businesses,High-income Wall Street financiers could be unintended winners from Trump's tax-cut plan.
Two key reports this week could decide whether rates will rise or not,Two reports due out this week may help the Fed determine whether or not to raise its interest rate target in December.
Trump's tax reform plan would dramatically lower rates for businesses, some individuals,Trump's tax reform plan would lower the corporate rate to 20 percent and the pass-through business rate to 25 percent.
Target's move to $15 an hour 'blows up' this myth about raising minimum wage,Target's decision to raise its pay to $15 an hour destroys this argument from the naysayers, says NELP general counsel Paul Sonn.
Weekly mortgage applications fall as interest rates rise to highest level in a month,Mortgage application volume fell 0.5 percent last week from the previous week.
Trump's tax plan will propose deep rate cuts, but it lacks revenue details,U.S. President Donald Trump will call on Wednesday for slashing tax rates on businesses and the wealthy as part of a new tax plan.
Yellen says Fed may have erred on employment and inflation, which would mean easier policy ahead,The Fed may have been wrong on employment and inflation, leading to policy ahead that will be easier than thought, Janet Yellen said.
Impact from unprecedented hurricane season could wipe out U.S. job growth in September,The unprecedented double whammy from Hurricanes Harvey and Irma could wipe out September job growth, and some economists expect a decline.rn
GOP tax plan trashes the value of two popular tax breaks,Deductions for mortgage interest and charitable giving would end up meaning little for many people.
Billionaire Sam Zell: I see 'very significant' positive change for business under Trump,Corporate America is willing to invest money on a longer-term basis under President Trump, the real estate mogul says.
Why America's tax and trade debate is wrong,Trump's tax policy should concentrate on creating local supply chains that enrich the economy, Financial Times reports.
US new home sales fall to 8-month low in August,Sales of new U.S. single-family homes unexpectedly fell in August, hitting their lowest level in eight months.
Case-Shiller home price index rose 5.9% in July, beating expectations,The U.S. National Home Price Index rose 5.9 percent in July, beating estimates of economists polled by Reuters.
Flooding is big business: Investors find disaster recovery a profitable sector,Many predict climate change will lead to wilder weather, presenting opportunity in the disaster-recovery sector.
Republican tax plan could bring huge tax savings to millions of small business owners,A Republican tax-cut plan due to be unveiled on Wednesday is expected to call for a new rate for "pass-through" businesses of about 25 percent.
Economist Adam Posen is changing his view on when the next US recession will hit,The inability of the U.S administration to pass new tax cuts has delayed the next boom and bust cycle in the country, says one economist.
Out-of-pocket health costs hit old, poor, women hardest,The top 10 percent of health-care spenders contributed 49 percent of total out-of-pocket spending in 2016, according to a new analysis.
Last-ditch Obamacare repeal could kill more than 500,000 jobs, cost economy $240 billion, S&P; says,The projections come as Republican leaders struggle to get 50 senators to back the Graham-Cassidy repeal bill.
Steve Forbes wants the Fed to 'behave itself' on rates and let tax cuts boost growth,Forbes Media Chairman and Editor-in-chief Steve Forbes has strong views on how deeply the U.S. should cut taxes and how the Fed should react.
US Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross says he pressed China for results on trade frictions,U.S. Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross said he pressed for "meaningful action" to allow American companies greater access to China's market.
Upcoming consumer confidence data could be key,Some will be watching for an indication that hurricane devastation and mounting U.S.-North Korea tensions will negatively impact sentiment.
Trump says hurricane left Puerto Rico in trouble, but points to need to deal with island's debt load,Trump said Monday Puerto Rico is in "deep trouble" after Hurricane Maria and that its debt to Wall Street "must be dealt with."
Confidence in Trump drops on Main Street even among conservatives, survey reveals,Confidence among small-business owners has slipped since April, according to the latest CNBC/SurveyMonkey Small Business Survey.
Trump economic advisor Gary Cohn has no shot at being Fed chair, says Axios reporter,Jonathan Swan, national political reporter at Axios, says he'd be "truly stunned" if Trump were to give Cohn the Fed job.
Economists donxe2x80x99t buy Trumpxe2x80x99s 3 percent GDP growth target,Most U.S. business economists doubt the economy will grow as fast as Trump and Republicans are counting on to help pay for tax cuts. rn
Fed's Dudley sees more rate hikes as US inflation weakness fades,William Dudley is the president of Federal Reserve Bank of New York and vice-chairman of the policy-setting Federal Open Market Committee.
Fed's Williams sees a calm market reaction to reducing its huge balance sheet,U.S. central banker John Williams said on Friday he does not expect any market turbulence as the Fed gets underway with reducing the huge balance sheet.
White House softens trade stance as tax reform fight approaches: 'We need the votes there',The White House is trying to preserve Republican votes on tax reform, according senior administration officials and others.
Here's the scariest part of NAFTA, according to Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross,The third round of renegotiations of the North American Free Trade Agreement is set to kick off Friday.
Mnuchin says considering backdating tax cut to Jan. 1: Would be 'boon' to economy,Steven Mnuchin says tax reform is Trump's top priority, assuring that the administration will pass an overhaul this year.
Hurricane price gouging is despicable, right? Not to some economists,Eliminating price controls can increase the available supply of essential goods, the argument goes, and help prevent a black market.
Lenders, investors breathe easier as hurricane waters recede,Financial institutions with exposure to U.S. properties hit by Hurricanes Harvey and Irma are tempering their loss estimates.
Hurricane Irma insured loss forecast lowered by risk modeling firm,Hurricane Irma will cause insured losses of $20 billion to $40 billion in the US, according to an updated projection from risk modeling firm AIR Worldwide.
Here's why Irma and Harvey may force the Fed to cut, according to startegist Mark Grant,The Fed is may be forced to put further rate hikes this year on hold due to the costs of hurricanes Irma and Harvey, says Grant.
Hurricanes Harvey and Irma give Fed more reasons to hold rates for the rest of 2017, experts say,Economic disruptions from the back-to-back hurricanes pummeling the U.S. may spur the Federal Reserve to hold interest rates steady.
Texas Republican Rep. Kevin Brady to seek tax relief for hurricane victims,The plan would allow access to savings in 401(k) plans, penalty-free.
Most Americans would hike taxes, tolls to pay for roads, survey shows,Nearly three-quarters of Americans are willing to pay increased taxes or tolls to fund roads and other transportation infrastructure, according to a survey.
US jobless claims drop, but still show lingering effects of Hurricanes Harvey and Irma,The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits unexpectedly fell, but the data continued to be influenced by stormy weather.
Fed approves October reversal of historic stimulus, leaves rates unchanged,The Fed was not expected to raise its benchmark interest rate at this week's meeting.
Pain at the pump as gas prices jump after Hurricane Harvey shuts refineries,The average price of gasoline jumped in the past two weeks after Hurricane Harvey prompted the closure of refineries.
Hurricane Irma threatens Florida's record-breaking tourism industry,Irma's path of destruction up Florida's Gulf Coast threatens to disrupt a thriving state tourism industry just months ahead of the busy winter travel season.
NY Fed President William Dudley says it is appropriate to 'gradually' curb stimulus,The Fed's Dudley cited "temporary, idiosyncratic factors" for weak prices and said "gradually" removing stimulus was still appropriate.
The derby to see who is the next Fed chair just got a lot more interesting,It seems fitting that the most likely person to be Fed chair is either Yellen or someone who is pretty much her ideological opposite.
Fed's Mester: Don't wait for inflation to rise before hiking rates,The Fed shouldn't wait until it reaches its economic goals before tightening monetary policy, Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester said.rnrn
Why a CEO of a global travel company and a dreamer say Trump's plan to end DACA could kill jobs,"This is a job-killing decision," says Paul Metselaar, CEO of Ovation Travel Group.
Hurricane Harvey boosts US jobless claims to a more than two-year high,The number of Americans filing for benefits jumped to its highest level in more than two years last week amid a surge in applications in hurricane-ravaged Texas.
US second-quarter productivity raised to 1.5%,U.S. worker productivity was stronger than initially thought in the second quarter, leading to a modest increase in labor costs.
Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin: I'm comfortable with Democrat deal on debt ceiling and Harvey relief,Mnuchin also tells Fox Business that President Trump has not made any decisions on appointments to the Fed.
Amazon launches search for a second headquarters in North America,Amazon on Thursday said it plans to open a second company headquarters in North America, and it is soliciting pitches from cities and states for what it calls HQ2.
Treasury's Mnuchin warns US could seek to sanction any country trading with N Korea,Mnuchin warned that without further North Korea sanctions, he will seek an executive order sanctioning the North's trade partners.
From sugar mills to hog farms, US agriculture braces for monster storm Irma,Hurricane Irma sent farmers and food companies scrambling to protect processing facilities, farm fields, and animal herds in the South and Southeastern parts of the U.S.
There could be an upside surprise in this number inside the August jobs report,Some economists expect to see wages surprise to the upside when the August jobs report is released Friday.
Trump to propose initial $5.9 billion in Harvey aid,A senior administration official says President Donald Trump has prepared a request to Congress for an initial $5.9 billion package in Harvey recovery aid.
Drivers see gasoline prices spike on shortage fears, lines form in Dallas,Gasoline prices are spiking at the pump in some cities and states, amid fears of spot shortages, even before the full impact of Harvey becomes clear.
Private sector jobs grow in August at fastest pace since March: ADP,Companies added 237,000 positions for the last full month of summer, ahead of the 185,000 that economists surveyed by Reuters had expected.
Goldman lowers odds of government shutdown to 35% because of Hurricane Harvey,Goldman Sachs says Congress will likely combine natural disaster relief funding and a debt limit raise in the coming weeks.
Trump hits the road to tout tax reform as a way to help Americans in an economy xe2x80x98riggedxe2x80x99 against them,President Donald Trump will talk tax reform on Wednesday, touting tax cuts as a way to help workers and the middle class in an economy "rigged" against them.
Mortgage applications fall again, as borrowers wait for even lower rates,Applications to refinance fell 2 percent for the week and are down 41 percent from a year ago.
Ex-FEMA chief 'Brownie' sees economic toll from Harvey as 'far greater' than Katrina,Michael Brown, who was viewed as mishandling the federal response to Katrina, praised President Trump's FEMA administrator.
Fed won't stop cutting back on stimulus unless economy hits another big downturn, Yellen says,Fed Chair Janet Yellen hinted at what may stop the central bank's stimulus-unwind plans at a press conference in Washington.
Fed says Harvey and Irma will have no lasting economic impact,The central bank noted the harm Harvey and Irma caused but said it's unlikely to be long-lasting.
Hurricane Harvey slams auto industry,The entire auto-sales industry will feel the impact of the storm that continues to inundate the Houston area.
US goods trade deficit widens in July; retail inventories fall,The U.S. goods trade deficit increased in July as exports fell, suggesting that trade would make a modest contribution to economic growth in the third quarter.
Farmers CEO on Harvey: Many owners of flooded homes may be in for a troubling surprise,Uninsured losses from Hurricane Harvey could rival those seen 12 years ago after Katrina leveled, Farmers Group's Jeff Dailey says.
Janet Yellen: System is safer now, though 'all-too-familiar' risks remain,Yellen says the financial system is safer now than it was, though some adjustments to regulations may be needed.
Fed's Mester says central bank needs to be 'pre-emptive' of rising inflation,Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester says the Fed should stay on its path of monetary policy tightening.
US core capital goods orders rise, shipments surge,Overall orders for durable goods tumbled 6.8 percent last month, however, as bookings for transportation equipment plunged 19 percent.
Fed Chair Yellen set to deliver what could be historic speech in Jackson Hole,Chair Janet Yellen will be giving what could be her last speech at the Fed confab in Jackson Hole, Wyoming, closing out a remarkable decade in central banking.
Moody's economist: The Fed still needs to convince the market that more hikes are coming,The Fed must do a lot of work to convince skeptical markets rate hikes are coming, said Mark Zandi, chief economist at Moodyxe2x80x99s Analytics.
Markets see a possible Jackson Hole surprise from central bankers,Traders have been betting Europe's Mario Draghi would surprise markets at Jackson Hole Friday, but now it could be Janet Yellen.
Central banks' pursuit of inflation has turned Sisyphean and some are calling for it to end,Central banks globally have spent years fruitlessly trying to awaken long-dormant inflation, and some analysts say itxe2x80x99s time to stop trying.
Trump to begin big tax reform push next week, Gary Cohn says,"Starting next week, the president's agenda and calendar is going to revolve around tax reform," Cohn tells the FT.
Hurricane Harvey likely to boost gas prices for US drivers,Hurricane Harvey is expected to hit a refinery-rich stretch of the Gulf Coast and U.S. drivers could soon see the impact at the gas pump.
The Fed maintains 2017, 2018 rate forecast,The Fed, however, lowered its 2019 outlook for the federal funds rate from its June projection.
Here's what changed in the new Fed statement,This is a comparison of Wednesday's FOMC statement with the one issued after the Fed's previous policymaking meeting on July 26.
Hurricanes and higher rates tank mortgage applications, down 9.7%,Applications to refinance a home loan and purchase a home fall sharply.rn
Fed economist: 'No evidence that QE works' as central bank starts unwinding program,The Fed is reversing the most ambitious monetary stimulus program in history amid questions over how much impact it really delivered.rnrn
A Fed hike is coming in December, according to a CNBC survey, whether the market believes it or not,Some 76 percent of respondents to the CNBC Fed Survey say there will be a hike in December.
Hedge fund titan Ray Dalio: If the Fed goes overboard on rates, watch out,"I don't see anything that would cause a downturn right now" except tighter monetary policy, the billionaire says.
The rich got richer last year, even as 'average' income rises,Incomes are rising for many American households, yet those gains are not shared equally across the board.
Billionaire Ray Dalio says we could be headed for a 'wealth conflict' in this nation,"If you have a downturn, I think it becomes a social and political question," the head of Bridgewater Associates says.
Ivanka Trump's We-Fi fund initiative could spark a $1.7 trillion market around the world,Ivanka wants to help women entrepreneurs in emerging countries through the We-Fi fund, but President Trump is championing nationalism.
The 25 highest-paying jobs in America,Want to take home a hefty paycheck? Consider one of these occupations.
Houston homeowners 'begging' for help as the city has no workers to help fix homes,One contractor laments that as their phone keeps ringing, "You have to tell them it will likely be a couple years."
US import prices post biggest gain in seven months,U.S. import prices recorded their biggest increase in seven months in August as the cost of petroleum surged.
US tipped to put brakes on auto sales as easy finance dries up,India and Japan are picking up the pace as car sales in the U.S. and China stutter.
Amazon is skewing the whole country's retail sales data and is likely behind last month's drop,Economists are surmising that Amazon had a role in the surprise drop in August retail sales.
Texas and Florida hurt by the economic body blow from hurricanes Harvey and Irma,Hurricanes Harvey and Irma may have done long-term damage to the competitiveness of two of America's most economically important states.
Consumer sentiment declines in September as hurricane fears weigh down key economic index,The consumer sentiment index, a survey of consumers by The University of Michigan, was expected decline to 95.1 in September.
Industrial production falls for first time since Jan., slammed by Hurricane Harvey,U.S. industrial output fell in August for the first time since January as Hurricane Harvey battered oil, gas and chemical plants along the Gulf Coast and a cool summer sapped utility demand in the east, the Federal Reserve said on Friday.
US retail sales unexpectedly fall in August,U.S. retail sales unexpectedly fell in August as Hurricane Harvey likely depressed motor vehicle purchases, suggesting a moderation in consumer spending in the third quarter.
US home prices grow just 5.5 percent in April, missing analysts' expectations,The data from S&P; CoreLogic Case-Shiller show home price growth has dipped from last month.
Fed's Williams issues dour warning about slow economic growth,Central banks will find themselves stuck with slow growth over the long-term unless authorities do something decisive to turn things around, a U.S. central banker warned.
Financial conditions another reason to tighten Fed policy: NY Fed's Dudley,The recent narrowing of credit spreads, record stock prices, and falling bond yields could encourage the Federal Reserve to continue tightening U.S. policy.
BMW adding 1,000 jobs at South Carolina plant,BMW will add another 1,000 jobs and invest $600 million in a South Carolina plant as part of a plan to boost annual production.
US core capital goods orders, shipments slip in May,New orders for key U.S.-made capital goods unexpectedly fell in May and shipments also declined, suggesting a loss of momentum in the manufacturing sector.
This health insurance plan worries Senate bill would hike small employersxe2x80x99 premiums,The health insurance industry has so far been muted in its criticism of the Republican health care repeal efforts, Vox reports.
Slowdown in inflation shouldn't prevent more rate hikes: Fed's Williams,A recent slowdown in U.S. inflation should not prevent further increases in interest rates, a top U.S. central banker said on Monday.
Senators: We've introduced legislation that will help the US keep its competitive edge,Our intellectual property system is the bedrock of our economy. Here's how we strengthen our patent laws, say Chris Coons and Tom Cotton.
Trump: 'I just don't want a poor person' running the economy,Trump contends that wealthy people can better run the U.S. economy because they do not need money.
4 million homeowners are leaving $1 billion dollars on the table,Falling mortgage rates and rising home values are a tasty combination for homeowners, but millions are not biting.
More teenagers are choosing summer studies over jobs,Only 43 percent of teenagers had a job last summer.
Trump's Carrier deal is not living up to the hype xe2x80x94 jobs still going to Mexico,Carrier's plant in Indianapolis xe2x80x94 the poster child for President Trump's pledge to save US jobs xe2x80x94 is planning layoffs next month.
AT&T; CEO Stephenson: We will invest $22 billion in the US this year if ...,Stephenson tells CNBC AT&T; will step up its investments if President Trump delivers on tax reform.
Good news for The GOP: Small businesses are hungry for tax reform,Tax reform is a top concern for small businesses in North Carolina and throughout the US. It could boost business expansion.
US jobless claims rise, but the labor market is still tight,The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits increased slightly last week.
Why big mergers like Amazon-Whole Foods could put Fed on hold for more rate hikes,Evans said transformative moves could put pressure on inflation which in turn would slow the Fed from its path toward policy normalization.
Americans are really optimistic about the economy, but it's no longer helping Trump: CNBC survey,A surge in economic optimism contrasts with a decline in Americans' approval of President Donald Trump.
Exclusive: Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein on the global economyxe2x80x94xe2x80x98things are pretty goodxe2x80x99,Jim Cramer sits down with Goldman Sachs CEO Lloyd Blankfein for his take on the global economy.
Herexe2x80x99s a forecast that should worry investors betting on a second-half surge in the economy,Investors betting on a strong pickup in economic growth might want to hold that thought.
Consumer sentiment unexpectedly sinks in June,Consumers were much less optimistic than economists had expected in June, according to a preliminary reading.
Yellen backtracks: 'We can never be confident there won't be another financial crisis',The central bank chief said regulations have made another crisis less likely and the system has enough capital to withstand a downturn.
'MAGAnomics': Trump administration brands its plan for 3% economic growth,The economic agenda, which Mulvaney dubs "MAGAnomics," is an effort to get the U.S. back to 3 percent GPD growth.
New York is offering free college xe2x80x94 California may be next,New York and other states are offering to pay the tuition for in-state colleges and universities. Some critics are worried about the trend.
A shocking number of Americans live in housing they can't afford, according to Harvard study,An alarming number of U.S. residents struggle to buy or rent.
Uber offers a thankless job, and the applications flood in,Uber is searching for a new chief executive, and a number of applicants are trying out for the interesting yet chaotic position. NYT reports.
Top states to find a job in America in 2017,US unemployment has fallen to levels not seen since the turn of the millennium. See which states are adding jobs and growing their economy.
Here's what you need to make to live in the most expensive ZIP codes in the US,You need to pull in $668,078 a year to settle down in California's priciest neighborhood.
A state battle is brewing for Elon Musk's new Tesla SUV factory,Elon Musk has displayed a mastery for political deals, and it will be put to the test again as states bid on a planned Tesla SUV plant.
US jobless claims drop for first time in a month,The number of Americans filing for benefits fell for the first time in a month, the latest indication of labor market strength that is sustaining economic growth.
Summer is hottest for hiring in two years, LinkedIn study shows,The LinkedIn report says hiring in the U.S. was 12.1 percent higher last month than in 2016.
Yellen: Fed chair term 'may well be' near an end,As Fed Chair Janet Yellen gets closer to the end of her term, speculation about whether she'll be sticking around is intensifying.
Fed Chair Yellen: Technology and globalization are eliminating the middle class,Advancements in tech and companies offshoring jobs is an important piece of the puzzle, Janet Yellen says.
Yellen indicates that Fed may not need to hike rates much more,Markets currently assign just about a 50 percent chance that the Fed will approve another interest rate hike this year.
Yellen: Fed likely to unwind stimulus despite low inflation,In remarks for her testimony on Capitol Hill, she said that the balance sheet, eventually will be "appreciably below" its current level.
Trump will cripple states if he reverses marijuana legalization laws: Jesse Ventura,If Trump reverses state laws, hexe2x80x99ll be crippling if not bankrupting the states that have legalized marijuana, says Jesse Ventura.
Hey, retirees: Get out there and spend some money already,In meetings with two separate retired clients, advisor Bob Rall had the same piece of advice: "Go spend some money" was his message to both.
America's 10 cheapest states to live in 2017,You'll be surprised at the most affordable places to live in the U.S., thanks to low food prices, great home values and low utility costs.
It could be a long, hot summer for these cash strapped states fighting through budget problems,Tight revenues and uncertainty about the impact of federal tax and budget policies has ignited the worst state budget battles since 2007.
America's top 10 states for business in 2017,In its 11th annual ranking, CNBC unveils the top 10 states for business in America in 2017. Can you guess the state that leads the league?
Higher interest rates send mortgage applications tanking, down 7.4%,Mortgage rates just saw their biggest jump since the presidential election, and that took a heavy toll on demand for home loans.
A region-by-region breakdown of where the economy stands right now,The U.S. economy is growing at a steady, if sluggish, pace according to the Federal Reserve's latest survey.
Herexe2x80x99s how self-driving cars could help the American economy explode with new jobs,We're panicking about robots taking our jobs, but Marc Andreessen says it's the same fear we always have. And we're still wrong.
Weak inflation a worry but pressure likely building: Fed's Kaplan,Weak recent inflation readings are a worry and suggest the Federal Reserve will make only "uneven" and slow progress toward its 2-percent goal, said Dallas Fed President Robert Kaplan.
Pending home sales drop 1.3% in April as spring housing market shows weakness,Pending home sales had last slipped 0.8 percent in March, the National Association of Realtors reported last month.
Tax burdens prompt more Americans to ditch their citizenship,Complex filing rules with Uncle Sam are nudging some Americans to consider leaving the U.S. for good.
US should hike the federal gas tax to pay for roads, says Trump infrastructure advisor LeFrak,It's the "best time in the world" to borrow money to help fund President Trump's infrastructure plans, Richard LeFrak tells CNBC.
Here's how long it will take young people to afford to buy a home nationwide,It could take young adults 19 years to afford a home in cities like Austin and San Francisco.
Weekly mortgage applications fall 3.4% as homebuyers find little for sale,If consumers can't find a home to buy, then they don't need a mortgage. That's what's likely driving the weakness in mortgage applications.
US consumer confidence falls more than expected in May,The index last fell to 120.3 in April, according to monthly data from The Conference Board.
Dallas Fed chief: Trump's growth hopes aren't happening, and here's why,Robert Kaplan is president and CEO of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas and a voting member of the Fed's policy-setting committee.
US retail sales post biggest drop in 16 months,U.S. retail sales recorded their biggest drop in more than a year in May amid declining purchases of motor vehicles and discretionary spending
Fed is expected to hike interest rates Wednesday, but inflation is the wild card for markets,The Fed is expected to raise interest rates Wednesday, but what it says about inflation may be an important indicator of future hikes.
Fed rate hike this week to hit millions of borrowers,While it may not sound like much, the Fed's move to hike its benchmark interest rate target up a quarter point will have ramifications.rnrn
Trump hasnxe2x80x99t appointed anyone to any key infrastructure jobs,The country can persist with these transportation vacancies, but it delays an agency's effectiveness, Vox reports.
Wholesale inventories slide 0.5% in April, falling short of estimates,The Commerce Department reported April's wholesale inventories on Friday.
Business owners are highly confident: New CNBC/SurveyMonkey small-business confidence index,According to the CNBC/SurveyMonkey Small Business Survey, small-biz owners are "undeniably confident" in their prospects for the next year.
Most entrepreneurs are optimistic Trump will rewrite tax code that "strangles them",Taxes are the No. 1 issue facing small business, according to the first CNBC/SurveyMonkey Small Business Survey, released Friday.
Trump supporters are bullish on the economy, just don't expect them to hire new workers,Business owners are optimistic about revenue increases, but a majority have no current plan to add jobs: CNBC/SurveyMonkey Small Business Survey.
Paul Ryan says xe2x80x98death taxxe2x80x99 hurts Wisconsin small businesses. IRS data shows otherwise.,House Speaker Paul Ryan and President Trump may be exaggerating estate tax's harm to small businesses and family farms, ProPublica reports.rn
Jobless claims fall; labor market slack shrinking,The number of Americans filing for benefits fell last week, unwinding half of the prior period's jump and suggesting the labor market was tightening.
3 'really bad facts' are hurting the US economy, according to JPMorgan CEO Dimon,Speaking at a Business Roundtable summit, Dimon implored the public to focus on "three really bad facts" limiting growth in the U.S.
Urban residential rentals are 'exploding' as boomers and millennials move in,Both empty-nesters and young professionals are helping fuel a boom in multifamily housing in the country's big cities, N.Y. Times reports.
Only 37 percent of Americans think their kids will be better off,Parents worry that their children will be sleeping less soundly in the future.
Trump wants to start charging stores to accept food stamps,The Office of Management and Budget said the fee would be assessed when stores sign up and would require renewal after five years.
These two 'boogeymen' no longer haunt the Fed,Last year, things holding back the Fed were Brexit and the U.S. election, Bespoke's Paul Hickey says. rn
CEOs still confident in Trump pro-growth plans,The latest Business Roundtable CEO Economic Outlook Index hits its highest level since the second quarter of 2014.
Op-Ed: Here's one tax the GOP should support,Once the GOP enacts tax reform, it should adopt a new tax that will help grow the economy and reduce emissions, says Alex Brill.
'Trump bump' in small business hiring slows in May,The Small Business Jobs Index decreased 0.16 percent from the previous month to 100.34.
Growth in US home prices continues in March, reaching 33-month high,The latest data released Tuesday shows that home prices continued their rise across the country over the past 12 months.
San Francisco Fed's Williams: US economy doesn't need a fiscal package,San Francisco Fed President Williams said he still expects three rate hikes by the central bank this year including the one in March.
Consumer spending rises as inflation rebounds,U.S. consumer spending recorded its biggest increase in four months in April and monthly inflation rebounded.
'Trumponomics' needs 3% growth to work, but this aspect of Trump's agenda undermines that plan,Donald Trump's budget needs 3 percent economic growth to work. But the labor force is shrinking, and his policies ignore the problem.
Treasury's Mnuchin on tax reform: 'Our objective is to get it done this year',Steven Mnuchin said Tuesday the Trump administration hopes to pass a plan to overhaul the U.S. tax system by the end of the year.
US industrial production posts biggest gain since 2014,American industry expanded production last month at the fastest pace in more than three years as manufacturers and mines recovered from a March downturn.
Mexico to Wilbur Ross: We're not a dumping ground for China to get around NAFTA rules,Mexico's economy secretary responds to Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross' accusation that Mexico is taking advantage of NAFTA rules.
GOP congressman: 'I've got a reason to crawl into a fetal position and weep every day',Tax reform can happen without Obamacare repeal first, says the House Financial Services chairman.
How Trump's economic advisor nominee says 3% growth can happen,If confirmed, Hassett would become one of the top economic advisors to Trump, who has pushed economic growth as his top priority.
US jobless claims rise for third straight week,The number of Americans filing for benefits unexpectedly rose for a third straight week, likely as some automakers closed assembly plants for summer retooling.
US trade deficit fell in May; gaps with Mexico, China rose,The U.S. trade deficit narrowed in May. The politically sensitive trade gap with China also slid.
The global economy is doing something it hasn't done in 7 years and that has Wall Street excited,There is a "global synchronous recovery" taking place and it has Wall Street analysts feeling bullish.
Op-Ed: Why Trump's dangerous trade policy won't work,Protectionism will not add to American jobs or raise wages, on the whole, says New York Times' Eduardo Porter.
Mark Zuckerberg again defends government giving people free money,Mark Zuckerberg recently visited Alaska, where he said basic income makes a lot of sense and gives residents a social safety net.
Confidence boomed after the election. The economy hasnxe2x80x99t.,The U.S. economy is plodding along at the same modest rate it has for the last eight years, N.Y. Times reports.
Two major lending changes mean it's suddenly easier to get a mortgage,Two major changes in the mortgage market go into effect this month, and both could help millions more borrowers qualify for a home loan.
US housing starts fell 2.6% in April,Construction of new homes fell for a second straight month in April, pushing activity to the lowest point in five months.
Op-Ed: Trump's quick to fire, but slow to hire, and that's creating a massive security risk,Trump doesn't have a plan xe2x80x94 or people xe2x80x94 in place for key domestic and foreign policies, writes National Review's Kevin Williamson.
The worst news for the economy might be coming from banks, not retail,Despite high levels of economic confidence, one indicator shows that has not translated into much action yet.
After years of growth, automakers are cutting US jobs,A downturn in car sales after two record years is prompting companies to scale back domestic production, particularly for smaller vehicles. NYT reports.
Small business hires dropped in June, but employees saw wages rise, Paychex survey shows,The Small Business Jobs Index decreased 0.24 percent to 100.10 in June.
Early indications point to a surprisingly strong second-quarter earnings season,We're still in the early innings of earnings season, but so far the results have been promising.
Consumer sentiment hits lowest level since November,Economists expected the University of Michigan's Consumer Sentiment Index to hit 94.5 in June, according to Thomson Reuters.
A Yellen replacement is unlikely to throw Fed off course, says Bullard,When President Donald Trump officially embarked upon his presidential career in January, deafening whispers began to circulate around Washington that it soon could spell the end of another highly prized title: that of Federal Reserve chair.
Fedxe2x80x99s Bullard says US rate hikes xe2x80x98too aggressivexe2x80x99 for data,The U.S. Federal Reserve should defer on its rate hike agenda until concrete reforms emerge from Washington, according to one of its key policy makers.
Trump reportedly 'hell-bent' on imposing steel tariff despite objections from most advisors,Axios reports that President Donald Trump's White House is "hell-bent" on imposing tariffs.
US consumer spending rises modestly in May,Americans enjoyed a healthy increase in income last month but didn't spend much of the gain.
US Midwest factory index hits 3-year high: Chicago PMI,A key reading on the regional view of the national economy in May came in much stronger than expected on Friday.
Economy slowed less than expected in Q1, on a rise in spending and jump in exports,The economy slowed less sharply in the first quarter than initially estimated due to unexpectedly higher consumer spending and a bigger jump in exports.
US jobless claims rise, but the labor market is still buoyant,First-time claims for state unemployment benefits were expected to total 240,000 in the most recent week, down from the 241,000 claims reported in the previous week.
Consumer confidence gains in June, topping estimates,The Consumer Confidence Index rose in June to 118.9, despite expectations for it to drop, The Conference Board announced Tuesday.
IMF calls for tax reform, fewer regs, infrastructure spending to boost US growth xe2x80x94 just like Trump,US economy needs tax reform, infrastructure spending and better regulations to make sure benefits hit everyone, according to the IMF.
Trump promised to transform NAFTA or scrap it. Instead, hexe2x80x99s tweaking it.,Most of the Republican Party is populated by die-hard free traders who wouldnxe2x80x99t be fans of a new version of NAFTA, Vox reports.
Rich shouldn't pay their taxes, Washington state GOP says,Seattle passed a new income tax on households earning more than $500,000, prompting the state's Republicans to revolt.
It's back-to-school season as sales tax holidays kick off,Tax-free holidays can be a bargain if you shop wisely. Here's how.
US housing starts, permits rebound in June,U.S. homebuilding rebounded more than expected in June after declining for three straight months.
Mortgage applications jump 6.3% as borrowers rush to refinance,Refinance applications surged 13 percent last week, even as mortgage rates remained steady.
The coming Republican civil war over the budget resolution, explained,Congressional Republicans have yet to enact a single piece of major legislation on taxes, health care or federal spending, Vox reports.
A 'spectacular' trend is transforming the world's second largest economy: Stephen Roach says,Morgan Stanley Asia's former chairman, Stephen Roach, debunks China "doomsday" scenarios.
Trump's trade policies tank homebuilder confidence in July,Homebuilder confidence falls sharply due partly to fears over rising material costs.
House Budget Committee proposes boosting defense spending, reshaping welfare programs,The House Budget Committee unveils a spending proposal that would boost funding for defense but dramatically reshape social programs.
The Fed under Gary Cohn would 'reverse' Yellen era policies, says strategist Mark Grant,The chief strategist at Hilltop Securities says Gary Cohn would bring a more "pragmatic Fed."
Private sector group suggests new Canada-Mexico trade deal should look more like scrapped Asia deal,A private sector advisory group is calling for TPP language to be included in the NAFTA renegotiation.
Foreigners snap up record number of US homes,The jump in international purchases follows a year-ago retreat and comes as a surprise, given the current strength of the U.S. dollar.
New York manufacturing activity growth slows sharply in July,Manufacturing in New York state grew for a second month in July but at a much slower pace, as new orders and shipments both slipped.
Trump administration reportedly learns lesson from health care, preps polished effort for tax reform,The Trump administration is said to be planning a more coordinated rollout of its tax reform efforts, Axios reported on Sunday.
Low inflation crimps Fed's ability to hike interest rates this year,Flat consumer inflation and weak June retail sales triggered doubts that the Fed will be able to raise interest rates again this year.
Consumer sentiment ticks down to 93.1 in early July survey,Economists expected consumer sentiment to reach 95 in July, according to a survey from Thomson Reuters.
Some in Washington are not invested in achieving 3% growth, claims Budget Director Mulvaney,Mulvaney also defends the Trump administration's position that getting rid of Obamacare will have a positive impact on GDP.
Jamie Dimon blows up at DC's dysfunction, says he's tired of 'listening to the stupid s---',JPMorgan Chase CEO Jamie Dimon expressed frustration at the U.S. federal government during the company's earnings conference call Friday.
US retail sales fall for the second straight month,U.S. retail sales unexpectedly fell in June for a second straight month, which could temper expectations of strong acceleration in economic growth in the second quarter.
US industrial output rises for fifth straight month,U.S. industrial production rose for a fifth straight month in June, helped by gains in mining, while the manufacturing sector rebounded.
US consumer prices were unexpectedly unchanged in June,The U.S. Consumer Price Index was forecast to rise 0.2 percent in June, after edging up 0.1 percent a month earlier.
America's Top States for Business 2017: The full list,CNBC unveils its 11th annual America's Top States for Business ranking, scoring all 50 states on 10 key measures of competitiveness.
This is America's Top State for Business in 2017,Washington is the No. 1 state for business, according to CNBC's Top States for Business 2017 ranking, revealed today.
Biggest state winners and losers in competition to win corporate deals,Massachusetts had the most impressive jump, while Wyoming suffered the biggest drop, in the 2017 CNBC Top States for Business ranking.
In an economic death spiral: America's worst state for business in 2017,West Virginia's economy was hit hard with the decline in coal mining. It remains to be seen if Gov. Justice can revitalize the state.
America's best states to live in 2017,Think you live in the best possible place? These states get high marks for low crime, inclusiveness and good health of their citizens.
Another fleeing corporate giant: Connecticut is facing a business migration crisis,Connecticut's severe tax hikes are causing corporations to take flight. Yet manufacturers are staying put, taking advantage of incentives.
Fed's Brainard: More rate hikes in doubt; start unwinding bond portfolio 'soon',Brainard's comments are particularly relevant because she is considered a close ideological ally of Fed Chair Janet Yellen.rnrn
US small-business optimism dips in June, remains near high,A gauge of U.S. small-business confidence fell in June as business owners expressed frustration over gridlock in Washington.
Consumers rack up $1 trillion in credit card debt,Card debt hits $1.02 trillion in the first quarter of 2017, the highest level since 2008.
Fed's Williams still sees rate hike, asset unwinding this year,A top U.S. central banker on Tuesday said he still expected one more rise in interest rates from the Federal Reserve this year.
Trump to nominate Randal Quarles to Fed board,If confirmed, Quarles would be the first Fed official installed by an administration looking to ease financial regulations.
In a blow to the tech industry, Trump shelves a start-up immigrant rule,The International Entrepreneur Rule, which was set to go into effect next week, is being delayed xe2x80x94 and probably eliminated down the line.
E-commerce as a jobs engine? One economistxe2x80x99s unorthodox view,The common refrain is that Amazon and other e-tailers are killing retail jobs, but one new statistical analysis begs to differ.
SMASH: Job growth surges by 222,000, way above expectations,The U.S. economy added 222,000 new jobs in June and the unemployment rate held at 4.4 percent, according to a government report Friday.rnrn
Here's what the June unemployment rate is not telling you about job losses,The war for workers is heating up among the states as companies of all sizes try to deal with a skills shortage.
Fed's Fischer says US government should boost 'dismal' productivity growth,Federal Reserve Board Vice Chair Stanley Fischer called on U.S. policymakers to do more to jumpstart a "dismal" record of productivity growth.
Job creation slows in June as labor market gets tighter,Job creation in the private sector tailed off significantly in June in another sign that the economy is getting closer to full employment.
US services sector expands at faster pace in June,Non-manufacturing economic activity increased in June, defying the expectation of economists who predicted a fall.
Hopes of xe2x80x98Trump bumpxe2x80x99 for US economy shrink as growth forecasts fade,Recent indicators in areas like consumer spending, construction and auto sales have been decidedly less robust this year, The New York Times reports.
Mortgage applications retreat 2.8%, even as interest rates stay low,Total mortgage application volume fell 2.8 percent last week compared with the previous week, according to the Mortgage Bankers Association.
Goldman CEO Blankfein: The economy is firing despite the political mess in Washington,Blankfein also says the U.S. needs to stay focused on wealth generation.
Amazon is hiring 50,000 people today. Here are 9 other tech companies bringing on tons of talent,Amazon posted a whopping 258,511 jobs last year alone.
Economists say Trump might be boosting economic growth but overstates his role,The president claims a lot of the credit for gains in GDP, but economists debate how much his policies have really contributed.
US factory activity continues to expand, construction spending disappoints,The U.S. manufacturing index hit 56.3 in July, coming in just below the 56.5 expected by economics polled by Reuters.
US carmakers sales to daily rental fleets slashed in July,Fiat Chrysler Automobiles said on Tuesday its U.S. vehicle sales dropped 10 percent in July, to 161,477, as it cut back sales to daily rental fleets.rn
Four major US cities ring housing bubble alarm,Four of the nation's largest cities are now considered overvalued, and affordability is becoming a bigger challenge.
Consumer spending edges up; income held back by drop in dividends,Consumer spending slowed in June as income growth turned in the weakest performance in seven months.
Fed's Fischer: Weak economy is keeping interest rates low,Fed Vice Chair Stanley Fischer said low rates send "a powerful signal that the growth potential of the economy may be limited."
The Fed is about to make a major policy change. Here's how it works,Consider the Fed the Starship Enterprise: It went where no central bank had gone before, and now must plot the journey home.rnrn
Democrats take aim at big business and drug prices in new economic campaign,Democrats led by Pelosi, Schumer and Warren roll out their 2018 economic platform titled "A Better Deal."
Investor confidence and America's status as the world's economic leader are at risk under Trump,As Trump strains the justice system at home and upends American commitments abroad, the president poses two kinds of risks.
US existing home sales stumble as prices hit record high,The National Association of Realtors said existing home sales dropped 1.8 percent to a seasonally adjusted annual rate of 5.52 million units last month.
Small businesses are split over Republican health-care plans,Small business owners often resent the cost and regulatory burden of complying with the health-care law, N>Y. Times reports.
Herexe2x80x99s what could come out of the UK trade secretaryxe2x80x99s meeting with Wilbur Ross,Commerce Secretary Wilbur Ross will begin talks with Britain Trade Secretary Liam Fox for a new trade deal.
BlackRock bond guru sees low rates for longer no matter who becomes the next Fed chair,BlackRock's Rick Rieder says the new Fed chair's transition will be normal.
Leading indicators beat expectations in June,Leading indicators increased in June, beating expectations and pointing to an improving economic outlook.
Bill Gross is worried that central banks will lead the world into recession,Bond guru Bill Gross is warning about looming interest rate increases and the damage they can do to a debt-laden global economy.
US jobless claims fall to near five-month low,The number of Americans filing for benefits fell more than expected, suggesting another month of strong job growth.
US homes are now more valuable than ever,The median home value in June surpassed $200,000, up 7 percent from a year ago, according to Zillow.
There are more job openings than EVER right now,If the labor market has gotten a little sluggish as of late, it's certainly not because there aren't enough jobs out there.rnrn
Economists donxe2x80x99t expect tax reform, infrastructure boost to happen this year,Most business economists don't expect deals on tax reform or big infrastructure spending this year, according to a NABE survey.
ISM non-manufacturing index hits 56.9  in May, vs. 57 estimate,A reading above 50 indicates expansion in the service sector, and a reading below 50 indicates contraction.
US first-quarter productivity unchanged; labor costs revised down,Worker productivity was not as weak as initially thought in the first quarter, but the persistently soft trend is an obstacle to faster economic growth.
Factory orders post first drop in 5 months,New orders for U.S.-made goods fell in April for the first time in five months and orders for capital equipment were not as weak as previously reported, suggesting the manufacturing sector remained on a moderate growth path.
Weak May jobs growth raises doubts about how much Fed can raise interest rates this year,May's weak hiring and sluggish wage growth should not deter the Fed from raising rates in June, but it puts any further hikes in doubt.
Paris Accord: Cities, states, companies and Michael Bloomberg-backed group commit to clean energy,Trump's Paris agreement exit has been motivating more local and state governments to commit to fighting climate change, N.Y. Times reports.
A debt ceiling hike with spending cuts attached would be OK, says Trump economic advisor Gary Cohn,The director of President Trump's National Economic Council says the administration is prepared to accept riders to ensure passage.rnrn
Why Trump is seeing red about the xe2x80x98Green Climate Fundxe2x80x99,President Trump would have been free to remain in the Paris Accord without spending another dollar as president, NBC reports.
We just found out the Fed's rate path may be too aggressive, ex-Obama advisor Goolsbee says,The much-weaker-than-expected growth in jobs shows the economy is expanding only modestly, Austan Goolsbee tells CNBC.
Op-Ed: Friday jobs report could be start of 'worrying trend',Soft jobs report could point to economic slowdown, says Ron Insana.
Job creation slumps in May; unemployment rate at 4.3 percent,The U.S. economy created just 138,000 jobs in May while the unemployment rate declined to 4.3 percent, according to Labor Department data released Friday.rn
Challenger corrects its May job-cuts report after citing erroneous figures for Ford,Challenger's corrected total of job-reduction plans announced in May stands at 33,092, 9 percent lower than April's figure.
Job growth 'rip-roaring' in May on boom in construction, services: ADP,Economists expected the ADP report to show that private payrolls grew by 185,000 in May from the initially reported 177,000 in April.
Jobless claims jump more than expected in latest week,The rise probably does not signal a material shift in labor market conditions as claims for several states, including California, were estimated.
Job cuts surge in May, Challenger report says,Job reductions in May jumped by 41 percent from April, the Challenger report says.
General Motor layoffs mount; automaker plans to make cuts at Michigan plant,"This action will help maintain more stable production and provide the smallest impact to plant employment going forward," GM says.
Fed's Powell says it's appropriate to raise rates, should shrink balance sheet later this year,The Fed sends a strong signal that it will raise interest rates this month.rn
May has strongest month for hiring in nearly 2 years, according to a LinkedIn study,Hiring in May was 6.2 percent higher than in April, a LinkedIn report says.
Fed's Williams bullish on US economy, sees total 3 rate hikes this year,San Francisco Federal Reserve President John Williams said he sees a total of three interest rate increases for this year as his baseline scenario.
Larry Summers: 5 reasons why the Fed may be making a mistake,Larry Summers offers five points that frame his doubts about the Fed's current approach to satisfying its dual economic mandate.
US housing starts drop for a 3rd straight month,Homebuilders slowed down the pace of construction for the third straight month in May, a possible sign that the shortage of houses for sale might worsen.
The Fed wants to go on 'autopilot': Look out for storm clouds ahead,If Janet Yellen has her way, the Fed that she chairs is about to go from the center of the market's universe to a mere afterthought.
Art Cashin warns the Fed: 'Wake up,' the economy isn't as good as it looks,"It's not that the economy is on life support but it's certainly not robust," UBS trader Art Cashin tells CNBC.
The new coal jobs the Trump team is touting might not actually exist,The Trump administration is using preliminary estimates to claim coal mining jobs are being created, against federal statisticians' advice.
Homebuyers living in these cities need to move fast if they find a house they like,The competition for housing is heating up with the summer thermometer and continuing to set new records.
Trump wants 4.5 million new apprenticeships in five years xe2x80x94 with nearly the same budget,The president wants to sharply boost the number of apprentices working in the U.S. xe2x80x94 but it doesn't look like he'll spend the money for it.
Fed hikes interest rates despite declining inflation, sets plan for balance sheet reduction,The Federal Reserve announced a quarter-point rate hike Wednesday and gave further details on the plan to reduce its balance sheet.
Fed Chair Janet Yellen's optimism is justified: JPMorgan strategist,Things are on track for three hikes a year and balance sheet normalization, maybe even starting in September, Gabriela Santos said.
Op-Ed: Herexe2x80x99s the most important thing about the Fed's rate hike,The Fed rate hike won't have a huge impact on people's budgets. But here's the part that is a big deal, says Notre Dame Professor Nelson C. Mark.
Fed's Yellen says conditions in place for inflation to rise,Fed chair Yellen gave her reasons why inflation should come back and justify the Fed's rate hike earlier Wednesday.
Homebuilder confidence slips despite strong demand for new homes,A monthly survey of builder sentiment fell two points in June to 67, and May's reading was revised down a point.
US jobless claims fell more than expected as the labor market tightens,The number of Americans filing for unemployment benefits fell more than expected last week, pointing to shrinking labor market slack.
US import prices slipped 0.3%, more than expected, in May,U.S. import prices were expected to fall 0.1 percent in May, after rising 0.5 percent a month earlier.rnrn
New York factories rebound in June, best showing since 2014,Manufacturing in New York state rebounded this month to the highest level since 2014, another sign of strength for America's factories.
Fed seen hiking rates but inflation, economic outlook dim: CNBC survey,The Fed is expected to raise rates Wednesday afternoon, and a majority of respondents in CNBC's latest Fed survey see a hike in September.
Fed will have to respond to weak inflation data as expectations fade for further hikes,The Fed is on track to raise rates today, but surprisingly weak inflation for a third month puts another rate hike this year in doubt.
Gary Cohn will reportedly lead search for next Fed chief,Some market strategists believe Cohn could be his own candidate for the Fed chief position, The Wall Street Journal reported Wednesday.
The rich get richer: Millionaires own a record 45% of world's wealth xe2x80x94 and their share is growing,There are now 17.9 million households in the world, up 8 percent from 16.6 million last year, according to Boston Consulting Group.
Weak US consumer prices, sales puts the spotlight on future rate cuts,The U.S. Consumer Price Index was forecast to rise 0.2 percent in May, after inching up 0.1 percent a month earlier.
